 Bitrefill - Buy Gift Cards, eSIMs & Recharge Prepaid Phones with Bitcoin Skip to content Search for products or phone number Help EN / USD Login Cart Gift Cards eSIMs Phone Refills Payment Cards Gift Cards Featured All Gift Cards Popular Recently Added Cashback Categories Online Marketplaces Payment Cards Travel Food & Groceries Gaming Gasoline Transportation Electronics Fashion Privacy & Tools Department Stores Multi-Brand Entertainment Home & DIY Health & Beauty Sports & Outdoors Gifts Kids Pets VoIP Crypto Popular in United States Digital Prepaid Visa Amazon.com DoorDash Apple Uber Eats Virtual Prepaid Mastercard eSIMs Phone Refills Featured Refills Categories Prepaid phones Phone Codes Other bundles Popular in United States T-Mobile T-Mobile PIN AT&T AT&T PIN Verizon Lyca Mobile Trending T-Mobile T-Mobile PIN Payment Cards Ask Assistant Download the app Invite a Friend Enable JavaScript to access this page For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Click the link below for instructions how to enable JavaScript in your browser Learn More Terms and Conditions Last Updated: 30 September 2026 Welcome to Bitrefill! These are the Terms and Conditions (" Terms ") applicable to all services and products offered on Bitrefill. Please read them carefully, as well as our Privacy Policy and Product Review Policy , before proceeding, as they set out the contractual basis for any transactions occurring on Bitrefill. “ Bitrefill ” is an e-commerce platform accessible via the website ( www.bitrefill.com ), or via the app Bitrefill, or via AI-powered conversational shopping interfaces operated by Bitrefill and made available on certain messaging platforms from time to time ("Ask Bitrefill"). By continuing to use Bitrefill, you (“ Customer ”) are acknowledging that you have read and agree to the Terms, as well as to the Privacy Policy and Product Review Policy , when purchasing services and products from Bitrefill. If you do not agree with these Terms, the Privacy Policy, and the Product Review Policy, you are not allowed to continue using Bitrefill and we ask you to please refrain from doing so. Except as indicated otherwise, in these Terms, a reference to "we", "our" or "us" means Bitrefill, and a reference to "you" or "your" means the person which purchased a Product from our website, including the person on behalf of whom an Agent has purchased a Product from our website. 1. The Bitrefill Group These Terms are agreed between you and the following counterparty, depending on what you are using Bitrefill for: if you are purchasing Gift Card and Mobile Phone Top-Up Products, in any jurisdiction, your direct counterparty is AIRFILL PREPAID AB, a limited company incorporated under the laws of Sweden and with registration number 559001-6035 (“ Airfill ”). if you are purchasing Bill Payment Products from El Salvador, your direct counterparty is Bitrefill, Sociedad Anónima de Capital Variable and with registration number 2021103271 (“ Bitrefill ES ”). This service is provided to you together with other entities, as described below. if you are purchasing the Virtual Prepaid Visa® Card (the “US Visa Card”), or Bill Payment Products from any other jurisdiction, your direct counterparty is Airfill US LLC, a Delaware company with file number 5817333 (“Airfill US”). if you are accessing the services enabled by the Bitrefill Card, please refer to the relevant section below. All of these companies, together with any other parent companies, subsidiaries or affiliates, are referred to herein as the “ Bitrefill Group ”. You can contact the Bitrefill Group directly by email to support@bitrefill.com . For any legal notices that must be sent by post, please address them to Mailbox 2333, C/O Att: Operations Desk, Airfill, 11175 Stockholm, Sweden. 2. The Gift Card and Top-Up Products Bitrefill is an electronic commerce platform specialized in the resale of closed-loop gift cards, vouchers and phone top-ups (“ Product ” or “ Products ”), of fixed or variable amounts, in different currencies, that can be redeemed by the Customer at the issuer’s store, in exchange for services and products offered by such issuer. Bitrefill offers different Products depending on the Customer’s country. Bitrefill allows the Customer to select their country and displays all the offers available in that country. Bitrefill does not guarantee that a Product purchased from one country page will work when used in a different country and therefore strongly advises Customers to read the terms and conditions of each particular Product. Although we strive to present updated terms and conditions for all products, we do not make any representation in that regard. You should confirm the applicable terms and conditions of the Product you are purchasing from us directly on the website of the issuer of each product. Some Products sold are geographically limited to certain countries. In these cases, if you are attempting to purchase from a country that is not allowed by a Product’s terms and conditions, such a purchase will not be possible. If you circumvent our geoblocking systems to acquire a Product that is not available in your country, you are violating these Terms and Conditions and we may suspend or remove your account. We are also not liable for any redemption issues you may find, and we will not provide a refund in those cases. Upon selection and payment, the Customer will receive access to the Product either on screen, by email to their email account, or within the conversational interface through which the purchase was made. Products can be delivered as sealed or unsealed. Products are delivered as sealed by default. The Customer may change this setting on their account. A sealed Product is essentially a right to claim a Product at a later stage. This allows Customers to safely preserve the Product until the moment of redemption (which allows, for example, to benefit from a longer expiry date; or to ensure that no one had access to the code, thereby risking its value). To the extent that receiving a sealed Product does not render the Product unusable, a sealed Product may also be exchanged or refunded - see below “Refunds” . An unsealed Product is the Product as issued by the third-party issuer, ready to use, with the alphanumeric code visible to you and (when applicable) an ongoing expiry date. Orders are processed immediately and the Products are delivered (sealed or unsealed) either immediately or within a few minutes of receiving a successful payment, depending on the Product purchased. There can be delays that are outside of our control, such as, but not limited to: (i) force majeure; (ii) unexpected outages; (iii) failure to send a correct payment. Bitrefill will endeavour to keep expected timescales transparent, but shall not be held responsible for delays and losses caused by the Customer or third parties. In case your Product does not arrive within 30 minutes of successful payment, please contact support@bitrefill.com . Your use of the Gift Card and Top-Up products is continuously monitored to ensure the safety and regulatory compliance of Bitrefill’s platform. Suspicious transactions will be reported to competent authorities and you may be required at any time to complete a KYC program to continue to use these services. Without prejudice to any other rights that Bitrefill may have under applicable law, to the extent that it is necessary: (i) to assist with our fraud and abuse detection and prevention efforts, (ii) to comply with court orders against you and applicable laws, rules and regulations, (iii) to comply with requests of law enforcement, including subpoena requests, (iv) to comply with any dispute resolution process, (v) to defend any legal action or threatened legal action without consideration for whether such legal action or threatened legal action is eventually determined to be with or without merit, (vi) to avoid any civil or criminal liability on the part of Bitrefill, its officers, directors, employees and agents, as well as Bitrefill's affiliates, Bitrefill reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to deny, cancel, suspend, delay or limit fulfillment of any purchase order made by you, even after your payment has been made in respect of such purchase order, in case: (i) you are in breach of this or any other Agreement or any of Bitrefill's policies, (ii) you otherwise engage or have engaged in inappropriate or unlawful activity while using the Products or Services (as determined by Bitrefill in its sole and absolute discretion), or (iii) Bitrefill has previously fulfilled an order made by you, and the corresponding payment has been disputed on grounds of suspected fraudulent activity, resulting in a chargeback procedure being initiated (and not yet being resolved) in respect of such previous payments made by you. 3. The Bill Payment Products At Bitrefill, Customers residing in certain countries may have access to Bill Payment Products, provided in connection with different partners per jurisdiction, as specified below. The Bill Payment Products terms and conditions below are applicable in addition to these Terms. Access to certain Bill Payment Products in certain jurisdictions may be reserved to Customers with verified accounts (Level 3 and 4). Please note that, unless otherwise mentioned in the specific bill payment service you are accessing, payment of bills is not immediate and may take some time to confirm. The Bill Payment Products are provided to Customers by partners authorized to conduct those activities in the respective jurisdiction, as described below. El Salvador Bitrefill ES uses Puntoxpress, Sociedad Anonima de Capital Variable (“ Puntoxpress ”), an entity authorised in El Salvador to act as an “Administrador de Corresponsales Financieros”, to provide the Bill Payment Products in that jurisdiction. Use of the Bill Payment Products constitutes your consent to authorize Bitrefill ES and Puntoxpress to access external providers, using the information you provide, to retrieve, process, and store information held by such external providers. You grant Bitrefill ES and Puntoxpress a limited power of attorney, and you hereby appoint Bitrefill ES and Puntoxpress as your lawful attorneys-in-fact, in all capacities, to use any information you provide in performing the above. You agree that Puntoxpress may use anonymized and non-personally identifiable information obtained from such external providers for quality assurance, fraud prevention, statistical, and other purposes. YOU AGREE THAT BITREFILL ES OR PUNTOXPRESS WILL ACT ON YOUR BEHALF, AS YOUR AGENT, TO ACCESS THIRD PARTY SITES USING INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE. YOU AGREE THAT NEITHER BITREFILL ES, NOR PUNTOXPRESS, NOR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE BILL PAYMENT PRODUCTS. You furthermore agree to indemnify and hold Bitrefill ES, Puntoxpress, and their affiliates harmless from any third party claims, damages, and costs caused by your use of the Bill Payment Products or your violation of these terms. 4. Other products Bitrefill may, from time to time, and in partnership with other providers, offer products other than the gift card and top-up Products or the Bill Payment Products described above. Such products shall be governed by specific sections of these Terms (such as the “Bitrefill eSIM” product and the Bitrefill Card, whose terms can be found below). 5. The payment The Products can be purchased by the Customer either (i) directly with a cryptocurrency, (ii) via a third-party payment provider, in either fiat (when available) or cryptocurrency or (iii) via a prepaid store credit, in the formats available from time to time, which may include one or more formats of a Bitrefill store gift card (" Bitrefill Gift Card ") or of Bitrefill store credit in the form of a virtual balance (" Bitrefill Store Credit "). Our available payment methods are offered solely for your convenience and are subject to availability. We may charge a service fee, which will be transparently disclosed during check-out and before payment. We reserve the right to update, restrict, suspend, or discontinue payment methods at any time without prior notice, and to change or discount the amount of the additional service fee. Payment with crypto Customers may choose to pay directly with one of the cryptocurrencies accepted at the time of purchase by Bitrefill or by using a third-party crypto payment service that is available at check-out. These payments may be subject to fees and confirmation time, as stated in Bitrefill or in the terms and conditions of such third-party providers. If you attempt to pay directly with an unsupported coin, or using an unsupported network, we will not be able to refund you and your funds will be lost. Payment with fiat If the option is available from time to time, Customers may also choose to pay with fiat using any payment method available at checkout. Such payments are processed by a third-party provider, identified on the payment page, whose terms and conditions apply. Bitrefill does not have access to your full card payment details, which are inserted by you directly into the secure payment gateway of the third-party provider. Bitrefill Gift Cards and Bitrefill Store Credits Customers may also choose to prepay store credit at Bitrefill, speeding up the check-out process. Bitrefill may offer from time to time, and in accordance with applicable legislation, different types of prepayment options. These may include some form of Bitrefill Gift Card and of Bitrefill Store Credit. These options allow a Customer to pay in advance for Products and save fees and waiting time upon check-out. The Bitrefill Gift Cards are non-reloadable and non-refundable store gift cards that you can keep or gift to someone. They are issued by Bitrefill in the form of a digital code that can be used to pay directly for goods and services at Bitrefill (either directly or via the Bitrefill Store Credit). The Bitrefill Store Credits are reloadable store credit balances, which can be kept in three denominations (EUR, USD and BTC). The Bitrefill Gift Card and the Bitrefill Store Credit represent credit that Customers have prepaid with Bitrefill and can be redeemed exclusively to acquire goods or services sold on Bitrefill, and they will not enable you to shop anywhere else. You may not resell the Bitrefill Gift Cards or transfer your Bitrefill Credit to anyone without express authorization from Bitrefill. Bitrefill Store Credits are also not transferrable within denominations. You cannot purchase Bitrefill Gift Cards with your Bitrefill Store Credits. Any value contained in a Bitrefill Gift Card or in a Bitrefill Store Credit will not in any case be redeemable in cash. Refunds of Bitrefill Store Credit (if denominated in BTC) may only be available exceptionally and are processed (excluding transaction fees) at the discretion of Bitrefill, using the means of payment originally used by the Customer. A processing fee will be charged to the Customer. The amount of this fee may change from time to time and it will be visible to the Customer when confirming a refund request. The Customer expressly accepts this fee to be deduced from the final refunded amount. All other Store Credits (USD and EUR) are non-refundable. Bitrefill Gift Cards have a maximum amount per card of 2,000 USD (or the equivalent in other available denominations). Bitrefill Store Credit cannot exceed 2,000.00 USD (or the equivalent in the balance currency) in aggregate (excluding amounts which are not prepaid value, such as refunds, rewards or commissions) at any given time. Any of these limits can be reduced at any time by Bitrefill. Attempts to add credit or use the Bitrefill Store Credit in violation of these thresholds will result in your account being frozen until it is verified by the Customer completing our KYC. Any excessive amount will be returned to those verified customers. The sale of Bitrefill Gift Cards and top-ups of Bitrefill Store Credit is subject to the limitations provided in these Terms. Bitrefill reserves the right to, at any time, (i) stop selling any form of Bitrefill Gift Cards; (ii) discontinue Bitrefill Store Credit, by issuing refunds to Customers and/or imposing a timeline for any outstanding credit to be spent; (iii) limit the geographical scope of these products; (iv) limit the type of Products that can be purchased; (v) require a Customer to undertake KYC in order to continue to use them and (vi) freeze access to the account or to the Bitrefill Store Credit while investigating suspicious activity. You are solely responsible for the safekeeping and security of your Bitrefill Gift Card following delivery. If you destroy or lose your Bitrefill Gift Card, or your Bitrefill Gift Card is stolen or used by someone else (with or without your permission), the Bitrefill Group shall not be liable for any loss or damage you suffer as a result. Any questions related to the Bitrefill Gift Card or the Bitrefill Credits shall be sent to support@bitrefill.com . 6. Customer levels Customers can shop at Bitrefill as Customers of four different levels: Customers without accounts , by providing on checkout a working email or phone number for the delivery of the Products purchased; Customers with basic accounts , by registering and verifying an email address with Bitrefill; Customers with verified accounts , by going through our customer due diligence program (powered by SumSub, please check their Terms of Use ) and providing a copy of Government-issued photo ID, proof of address and a live selfie; Verified corporate customers , by going through our corporate due diligence program (powered by SumSub, please check their Terms of Use ) and providing incorporation documents, proof of address, information on business, representatives and ultimate beneficial owners. Only Customers with accounts (levels 2 to 4) are eligible for our Rewards program. Customers without accounts may be able to recover all or part of the rewards for older purchases when they sign up for an account. Only Customers with verified accounts (levels 3 and 4) are eligible for certain Products. Account levels impact purchasing thresholds and access to certain Products. Level 3 verification can be done in your account settings. Level 4 verification can be started by emailing us at legal@bitrefill.com . 7. Availability of Third-Party Services The proper functioning of Bitrefill depends on its interaction with several third-party providers. Transactions may, from time to time, fail due to technical or other reasons. Customers, therefore, acknowledge that we may not be liable for a technical issue that may affect their transaction. Whenever a transaction fails due to technical reasons, a Customer may qualify for a refund. Please see the "Refunds" section below to know more. 8. Limitations of use We implement certain purchasing thresholds in accordance with our Anti-Money Laundering Policy, depending on the level of account of the Customer. All limits are presented in USD but apply to the equivalent amount in other currencies. Different limits can be implemented on a product by product, or customer by customer, basis, at the request of Product Issuers or discretionarily by us. Any Customer using more than one Bitrefill account, or any other expedient, in order to circumvent the limits below, is in breach of these Terms and can have its account, or accounts, suspended until customer due diligence is successfully completed. Customers must not share Bitrefill accounts. To the extent necessary under applicable laws and regulations or our internal policies, such illegal circumvention of the use limitations may be reported to the relevant authorities, whenever it reveals, in our sole understanding, signs of suspicious activity. 1. Customers without accounts Maximum items per day : 15 (fifteen) Maximum phone items per day : 2 (two) Maximum purchasing limits : 500 USD per day and 1.000 USD per month 2. Customers with basic accounts Maximum items per day : 15 (fifteen) Maximum phone items per day : 5 (five) Maximum purchasing limits : Up to 2.000 USD per card, up to 5.000 USD per day, up to 10.000 USD per month (different exceptional thresholds may apply to certain Products) Maximum phone top-up limits : Up to 200 USD per pin/refill, up to 500 USD per day, up to 2.000 USD per month 3. Customers with verified accounts Maximum items per day : 25 (twenty-five) Maximum phone items per day : 5 (five) Maximum purchasing limits : Up to 2.000 USD per card, up to 10.000 USD per day, up to 50.000 USD per month (different exceptional thresholds may apply to certain Products) Maximum phone top-up limits : Up to 500 USD per pin/refill, up to 1.000 USD per day, up to 5.000 USD per month 4. Verified corporate accounts Limits per value of purchase, number of purchases and daily amounts for verified corporate accounts can be established on a case-by-case basis. 9. Freezing dates As explained above, when purchasing a Product via Bitrefill, it will be delivered as “sealed”. This gives the Customer extra rights that are normally not available when purchasing prepaid products. Bitrefill also provides Bitrefill Store Credit and Bitrefill Gift Cards with different denominations, as well as a Cashback balance, to facilitate payment and reward your loyalty. The right to claim an unsealed Product, as well as to use the Cashback, the Store Credits, and the Bitrefill Gift Cards, shall always be honoured by Bitrefill and does not expire. However, in order to manage internal stocks and risk, you agree that the right to use the above mentioned features can be frozen by Bitrefill in case of non-use or non-activity for a certain period of time. The following freezing dates apply: To Bitrefill Gift Cards, one year after the date of purchase; To Bitrefill Store Credits, one year after the Customer’s last account login; To Bitrefill Rewards, one year after the Customer’s last account login; To sealed Products, one year after the date of purchase if the Product remains sealed; Bitrefill Gift Cards, Bitrefill Store Credits and sealed Products already issued or sold before January 1, 2022 will freeze on January 1, 2023. Any frozen Product or Balance may be unfrozen upon request, to the extent commercially feasible (e.g. a particular issuer may have gone out of business, or may no longer be offering gift cards). In this case, Bitrefill shall reissue and/or reinstate the sealed Gift Card, Bitrefill Store Credits or Bitrefill Gift Card in the same fiat amount they had at the time of the initial freezing. Products or Balances denominated in a cryptocurrency will be reissued with the equivalent in crypto of their USD value at the time of the initial freezing. Products that were unsealed (either by default or by the Customer) are not covered by this section. Unsealed Products are issued by third parties and are governed by the terms and conditions of those issuers, which you accept by acquiring them unsealed or by unsealing them. Redeeming those (or obtaining a refund or replacement) past any existing expiration date is subject to the terms and conditions of the issuer. Please make sure you read the terms and conditions of the Product you are purchasing before buying or unsealing it, and contact the issuer’s customer support if you have any issues. 10. Refunds Please note that due to the nature of the Products, the Customer does not have a cooling-off period of any kind after acquiring an unsealed Product or after unsealing a sealed Product. Once a Product is unsealed, no refunds or reimbursements will be offered unless in the cases where the product delivered is invalid or had already been redeemed prior to delivery. If this is not your case, and your Product is unsealed, we will not issue a refund. As explained above in “Availability of Third-Party Services”, the purchase of Products through Bitrefill depends on the proper functioning of third-party systems. Therefore, from time to time, the failure of such systems may cause a transaction to fail, meaning: The Customer did not receive the Product; The Product was received, but cannot be redeemed on account of it having been previously redeemed; or The Product was received, but cannot be redeemed on account of it not being valid. In these cases, the Customer qualifies for a refund. In case the Customer does not receive the Product after having paid and appropriate diligences are taken by Bitrefill to provide for the delivery of the Product or understand the cause of the delay, the Customer may request a refund. In case the Product was received but cannot be redeemed, the Customer shall inform us. We will then start appropriate diligences with the relevant third-party providers in order to correct the issue. Should the third-party provider fail to correct the issue and agree to refund us, we will then refund the Customer. In case of technical error causing the Product not to be delivered to the Customer, we will refund the Customer in full by crediting its Bitrefill Store Credits or with a return transaction in the same cryptocurrency. In case of overpayment, a Customer may also request a refund in the amount paid in excess, deducted from any transaction fees. In case of underpayment, a Customer may (i) pay the outstanding amount and receive the Product, (ii) ask for a refund in the same cryptocurrency to the same wallet, deducted from any transactions fees or (iii) ask for a refund in their Bitrefill Store Credits. In case of balances exceeding the applicable limit a refund will be issued to a Customer upon mandatory identity verification of the account holder. Refusal to conduct verification may lead to Bitrefill freezing the account and any remaining credit until such verification is completed. Customer verification may also be demanded in order to process exceptional refunds or in situations where Bitrefill deems it necessary for compliance reasons. If you qualify for a refund (either because your Product is sealed, malfunctioning, or you overpaid or underpaid), you must request it within 30 days from the date of the transaction. After 30 days, the decision to issue a refund or not is made at the sole discretion of Bitrefill. Refunds requested after 30 days will be made in the form of a Bitrefill Gift Card in the amount of the refund. Please note that we do not, in any event, refund any transaction fees paid by the Customer that are specific to the payment option selected by the Customer. We reserve the right to refuse refunds when the costs of refunding exceed the amount to be refunded. The amount of time required to process any refunds request will vary and may take some time. We also reserve the right to ask you for further information before issuing refunds. For the purposes of requesting a refund or any further information, the Customer shall contact support@bitrefill.com or use the chat available at Bitrefill. 11. Bitrefill Cashback The Bitrefill Cashback program is a Cashback program aimed at rewarding Customers for their loyalty to Bitrefill. Whenever a Customer makes a Qualified Purchase, the Customer will be awarded the equivalent to a percentage of the amount of the Qualified Purchase in Satoshis (the “ Cashback ”), that will be deposited in the Customer’s Bitrefill Cashback account. A “ Qualified Purchase ” is a purchase made by a Customer with an account, by any means of payment accepted by Bitrefill (except payment with the balance of the Customer’s Bitrefill Cashback account), of a Product that is not an Excluded Product. “ Excluded Products ” means any Bitrefill Gift Cards, and any other Products that Bitrefill, from time to time, chooses to exclude. The amount of the Cashback may vary from product to product and Bitrefill retains the right to establish and subsequently increase, decrease or eliminate the cashback given for any Product, as well as to suspend or terminate the program at any time, for a particular Customer or for all Customers. The Cashback amounts earned by a Customer cannot be withdrawn, transferred or assigned, and can be used exclusively to purchase Products at Bitrefill. Additionally, Bitrefill may, from time to time, distribute promotional codes that can be used by Customers during check-out to earn additional Bitrefill Cashback, in a fixed percentage, and limited to a certain maximum amount (to be defined discretionarily by Bitrefill, and communicated on promotional content), of their total purchase. Each code is usable once, and a Customer can only use one code per cart. 12. Refer a friend “Refer a Friend” is a customer referral program to reward Customers who refer new customers to Bitrefill. By participating in it, you acknowledge and consent to the following: (i) Bitrefill will process any personal data submitted by you according to our Global Privacy Policy. Please ensure that you have obtained the consent of your friends before introducing their personal data for referral purposes. (ii) Bitrefill reserves the right to remove eligibility from any Customer for any reason at any time. You cannot use multiple accounts owned by you for the purpose of obtaining the Refer a Friend reward. Any attempt to misuse this program will result in exclusion from the ability to participate and the removal of any bonuses from the accounts involved. (iii) Bitrefill is not responsible for the misallocation of rewards, expiration or deletion of local browser cookies, or any failure to associate referred customers with your account. The allocation of rewards may not be automatic and may be conditioned upon a prior review of compliance with these terms. (iv) Bitrefill may choose to extend or terminate this program or change its terms at any time. (v) This is not an affiliate program meant for re-marketing by professionals or inclusion in external content or websites. If you are interested in becoming a professional affiliate please contact us directly. (vi) You do not have permission to represent Bitrefill, its brand, or its products or partners while participating in this program. (vii) Spamming, hidden iframes, and public posting of your referral code is forbidden. If you are not sure whether your behavior falls within our terms, assume it does not and contact us for clarification. Contact support@bitrefill.com with any questions or problems. 13. Other rewards or prizes From time to time, Bitrefill may give rewards or prizes in the context of organized campaigns or contests in its website, other websites or on social media. Unless expressly communicated otherwise, each Customer may only apply once, with one account, to rewards or prizes announced by Bitrefill. Bitrefill reserves the right to cancel, suspend or claw back any reward or prize awarded if it has reason to suspect that a Customer infringed any rules or attempted to abuse the campaign or contest. Bitrefill also reserves the right to cancel campaigns and contests at any point without awarding the prize or reward, if it has reason to believe there was abuse. These terms and conditions apply to all contests operated by Bitrefill on any media (each a “ Contest ”). Unless expressly stipulated otherwise at the point of entry, Airfill (as defined above) is the sole sponsor of each Contest. Airfill and Bitrefill are used interchangeably in this section to refer to Airfill as the sponsor of the relevant Contest. The “ Prize ” refers to the products, services, or other items specified in the Rules of each Contest Specific details of the Prize, the times and dates during which the Contest is open for entry, instructions for entry and any other key provisions relating to the Prize and/or the Contest will be stipulated by Bitrefill at the point of entry and shall form part of these terms and conditions (“ Rules ”). In the event of a conflict between these terms and conditions and any Rules, the Rules shall take precedence. IMPORTANT: BITREFILL DOES NOT OFFER, AND THE NATURE OF ANY CONTESTS OFFERED BY BITREFILL IS NOT TO BE INTERPRETED OR CONSTRUED AS, LOTTERIES OR PRIZE DRAWS PURELY BASED ON CHANCE, NAMELY AS DEFINED UNDER §3 OF THE LOTTERY ACT (1994:1000), AS AMENDED. IN RELATION TO ALL CONTESTS OFFERED BY BITREFILL, SELECTION OF WINNER(S) ULTIMATELY CONSISTS OF A MEASURE CARRIED OUT BY A JURY APPOINTED BY BITREFILL WITH RESPECT TO THE ENTRANTS PERSONAL PERFORMANCE. NO WINNER OF A CONTEST OFFERED BY BITREFILL IS SELECTED AT RANDOM. Eligibility. Entrants will require access to the internet to be able to enter any Contest. Each Contest is open to all persons of legal age, excluding employees of Bitrefill or any of its subsidiaries, their families, agents or anyone else connected with the Contest. No third-party entries, bulk entries or entries submitted by agents will be accepted. Bitrefill reserves the right to verify the eligibility of entrants. Bitrefill may require such information as it considers reasonably necessary for the purpose of verifying the eligibility of an entry and the Prize may be withheld until and unless Bitrefill is satisfied with the verification. Entrants must complete all required steps as set out by the Rules to be eligible for the Prize. Only one entry per person is allowed for each Contest. Entries not complying with these terms and conditions will be invalid and all entries must be made in the manner advertised by Bitrefill. Entries made using methods generated by script, macro or the use of automated devices will be void, except where expressly determined by Bitrefill in the Rules. Content. Where a Contest requires the uploading of a photograph and/or the posting of a message or tweet, by entering such Contest, each entrant: a) confirms that their submission is their wholly owned creation and that, to the extent that such entries make use of any third party materials, these materials have been fully cleared unless they are no longer protected by copyright or other intellectual property rights; b) confirms that anyone depicted in an entry has given their permission for the inclusion of their image in the entry and the use of the entry including their image by the entrant and Bitrefill; and c) grants Bitrefill a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to edit, publish, translate, modify, adapt, make available and distribute the entry throughout the world in any media now known or hereafter invented. Duration. Each Contest runs during the dates and times stipulated in the Rules. Entries received after the specified closing date and time will not be entered into the Contest. Selection. Bitrefill’s decision is final, and no correspondence will be entered into. The winner(s) will be selected by a jury composed of persons appointed by Bitrefill (as identified in the Rules) to measure the personal performance of the entrants from all eligible entries received in accordance with the criteria set out in the Rules. The winner will be notified on the date stipulated in the Rules either by push notification, email, mail, telephone or by way of a comment or message on the Bitrefill’s page of the relevant social media platform and will be provided with all necessary details in order to redeem the Prize. Announcement. Except as otherwise stated in the Rules, Bitrefill will announce the results (hence, the winners) of the Contest via Bitrefill’s official social media channels. Prize. The Prize has the nature and value as set out in the Rules. Cash or credit alternatives will not be offered. Prizes may occasionally be cancelled for reasons outside the Bitrefill’s control. Bitrefill will endeavor to promptly update any relevant information in such cases. Bitrefill will not be liable for any changes by third parties to any third-party product, platform or service that are part of the Prize. The Prize is awarded conditionally upon acceptance and if a winner is unable to be contacted after a reasonable period or if any Prize is unclaimed or declined within a reasonable period, the Prize shall be deemed as unclaimed or unaccepted and either forfeited or a supplementary winner drawn at Bitrefill’s discretion. Following acceptance, the Prize will be made available to the winner in the manner stipulated by the Rules. Bitrefill reserves the right to require valid proof of identification (as determined in its sole discretion) from the winner prior to issuing the Prize. Bitrefill will not be responsible for any inability of a prize winner to take up the Prize. Unless otherwise expressly stated, where the Prize requires connection, redemption or use of any third-party product, platform or service, Bitrefill assumes no responsibility and is not liable for any costs, charges or expenses which winners may be required to pay at any time in connection with such third-party product, platform or service. Bitrefill reserves the right but is not obligated to provide substitute prize(s) of similar value should the specified Prize or any part of it become unavailable for reasons beyond Bitrefill’s control. Bitrefill accepts no responsibility for incorrectly completed, lost or delayed entries, notices, acceptances, or other documents related to the Prize(s). Data protection. Entrants’ data will be collected, stored and processed for the purposes of administering and assessing a Contest only, unless the entrant has expressly consented otherwise. If a Prize includes any third-party product, platform or service, Bitrefill reserves the right to exchange information and data with such third-party product, platform or service provider. All information submitted in connection with any Contests will be treated in accordance with these Terms & Conditions and our Privacy Policy. Third-party point of entry. In relation to any Contests run via Facebook, Instagram and/or Twitter or any other social network, that Contest is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by or associated with Facebook, Instagram, Twitter or any other social network (as applicable). Post-event activities. The winner may be required to participate in publicity connected with the Contest and it is a condition of entry that the winner agrees to their name/handle being made publicly available and used if they win. Costs. Except as otherwise provided in the Rules, entry in the Contest has no associated costs. Taxes. Taxes and other levies imposed by any relevant applicable government or tax authority, as well as other costs including insurance and incidental costs, that may be levied or incurred on the prizes shall be fully borne by the winner(s). Suspension, cancellation or amendment. Bitrefill reserves the right to suspend, cancel or amend the Contest and/or revise these terms and conditions at any time without giving prior notice and by continuing to take part in the Contest subsequent to any revision of these terms and conditions, entrants shall be deemed to have agreed to any such new or amended terms. In the event of fraud, abuse, and/or an error affecting the proper operation of a Contest, including the allocation of more prizes than are available, Bitrefill reserves the right to end or suspend the Contest; amend these terms and conditions; declare void the notification of a winner; and/or to allocate available prizes by conducting a simple draw from all wrongly allocated winners. No liability. As an entrant, you will release Bitrefill and its affiliates, partners and employees from any and all liability, claims, demands and causes of action for personal injury and or damage, theft or loss suffered in connection with the Contest or the use or acceptance of the Prize or any portion thereof save where due to the negligence of Bitrefill or its affiliates, partners and employees. Severability. If any provision of these terms and conditions and/or any Rules are held invalid by any law, rule, order or regulation of any government, or by the final determination of any court of a competent jurisdiction, such invalidity shall not affect the enforceability of any other provisions not held to be invalid. Governing law and jurisdiction. Each Contest is governed by Swedish law and is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Stockholm, Sweden. 14. Affiliates This section ("Affiliate Agreement") shall only apply to your participation in our Affiliate Program (the "Affiliate Program"). We periodically update the terms contained in this section. We may also choose to replace these terms in their entirety if, for example, the Affiliate Program changes, ends, or becomes part of an existing program. If we update or replace these terms, we will let you know via electronic means, which may include an in-app notification or by email. If you don't agree to the update or replacement, you can choose to terminate as we describe below. Without prejudice to the foregoing, your continued participation in the Affialiate Program following the effective date of any such changes may be relied upon by us as your consent to any such modifications. No exclusivity. This Affiliate Agreement does not create an exclusive agreement between you and us. Acceptance. Once you complete an application to become an affiliate, we will review your application and notify you whether you have been accepted to participate in the Affiliate Program, or not. You will comply with this Affiliate Agreement at all times. Onboarding and Verification. Before participating in the Affiliate Program, you must successfully complete our onboarding process. Depending on your profile and on the volume of transactions attributed to your participation, this process includes identity verification (for individuals) or Know Your Business (KYB) verification (for businesses), which we may require at onboarding or once your attributed transaction volume reaches thresholds determined by us. Continued participation in the Affiliate Program, and payment of any accrued Commission, is conditional on successful completion of any verification we require. This may involve providing corporate documentation, ownership details, and any other information we reasonably require to confirm your identity, eligibility, and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Failure to complete onboarding, including KYB, or providing inaccurate or incomplete information, will result in rejection of your application or termination of your participation in the Affiliate Program. For the purpose of onboarding you as described in this section, we may engage trusted third-party service providers. Authorization and restrictions. We authorize you to market and promote our products to potential customers in accordance with this Affiliate Agreement. You agree you will market us and our products fairly and accurately, and will not make any representations or warranties concerning us or the products, or use any marketing content or materials that (i) inaccurately purport to be made by us, (ii) violate any laws or regulations, (iii) are false, misleading, or inaccurate, (iv) are offensive, obscene, or inappropriate, (v) portray Bitrefill or the Products in a disparaging manner, or (vi) violates the intellectual property rights of a third party. Further, you shall not (a) hold yourself out as our employee or representative, (b) interfere with the operation of the Affiliate Program, (c) remove, obscure, or alter our or any third party's copyright notice, proprietary rights notices, or other notices, (d) edit, modify, obscure, minimize or change the information contained in our content, including, without limitation, any product information, image, widget or default templates provided by us, (e) use any Affiliate Link on any coupon deal websites and/or coupon aggregator websites, (f) take orders or otherwise act as a reseller of our products, (g) use any name, term, or mark that is confusingly similar to the our marks unless approved by us in writing, (h) use your Affiliate Link in any manner that could be considered spammy, or (i) commit fraud in attribution of a referral. If we suspect fraud (for example, if we see that transactions are all from the same city or IP address) we may require you to prove that the referrals are valid. Commission. We will pay you a commission ("Commission") for each transaction completed by a customer prospect ("Affiliate Lead") who clicks on the unique tracking link ("Affiliate Link") you place on your site or promote through other channels ("Customer Transaction"), provided the Affiliate Lead is eligible for Commission pursuant to this Affiliate Agreement. A Customer Transaction may include customer purchases or customer signups, as may be agreed between us. Commission paid for each Customer Transaction is as agreed between the Parties in writing. We will not make more than one Commission payment or other similar referral fee on any given Customer Transaction (unless we choose to in our discretion). You are responsible for payment of all taxes and fees (including bank fees) applicable to the Commission. All amounts payable by us to you are subject to offset by us against any amounts owed by you to us. Eligibility. To be eligible for Commission (i) an Affiliate Lead must be accepted and valid in accordance with this Affiliate Agreement, (ii) a Customer Transaction must have occurred, and (iii) if agreed between us, a customer remains our customer during the agreed locking period. You are not eligible to receive Commission or any other compensation from us based on transactions if (i) such compensation is disallowed or limited by federal, state or local law or regulation applicable to us or the laws or regulations of your jurisdiction; (ii) the relevant customer objects to or prohibits such compensation or excludes such compensation from its payments to us or to you; (iii) the customer has paid or will pay Commissions, referral fees, or other compensation directly to you, or (iv) payment of Commission has been obtained by fraudulent means, misuse of the Affiliate Link, in violation of this Affiliate Agreement or by any other means that we deem to breach the spirit of our Affiliate Program. Affiliate Leads. You will only be eligible for a Commission payment for any Customer Transactions that derived from Affiliate Leads generated by the Affiliate Link that we make available to you and are accepted by us. An Affiliate Lead will be considered valid and accepted if, in our reasonable determination (i) it is a new potential customer of ours, and (ii) is not, at the time of submission or sixty (60) days prior, one of our pre-existing customers, or involved in our active sales process. An Affiliate Lead is not considered valid if it's first click on the Affiliate Link is after this Affiliate Agreement has expired or terminated. Once we have received the Affiliate Lead information, we may elect to engage with the prospect directly, regardless of whether the Affiliate Lead is valid. If an Affiliate Lead is not valid then we may choose to maintain it in our database and we may choose to engage with such Affiliate Lead. Any engagement between us and an Affiliate Lead will be at our discretion. Our customers. Our customers are not, by virtue of your participation in the Affiliate Program, your customers. As between you and us, all pricing, terms of sale, rules, policies, and operating procedures concerning customer orders, customer service, and product sales set forth on our website will apply to those customers and may be changed at any time. You will not handle or address any contacts with any of our customers, and, if contacted by any of our customers for a matter relating to interaction with us, you will direct customers to contact support@bitrefill.com, or state that those customers must follow contact directions on our website to address customer service issues. Intellectual Property. Subject to this Affiliate Agreement, we grant you a limited, nonexclusive, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable royalty-free license to (a) use, reproduce, distribute, perform, display and prepare derivative works of our content, and (b) use and display our name, logo, trademarks, and other brand identifiers for the sole purpose of promoting our service and in accordance with any branding guidelines we provide and any applicable policies. All use of our marks (and goodwill associated therewith) inures to our benefit. You agree not to copy, rent, lease, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on any such marks or content, in whole or in part, by any means, except as expressly authorized in writing by us. Statement. When you post and/or distribute content about us or our products and services, you must clearly, proximately, and prominently include a statement that complies with all then-current rules and regulations applicable to advertising disclosures and social media advertising, sponsorships and endorsements. Term and termination. This Affiliate Agreement will apply for as long as you participate in our Affiliate Program. Either you or we may terminate your participation in the Affiliate Program and this Affiliate Agreement at any time, with or without cause, by giving the other party written notice of termination. Upon termination your rights to use any Affiliate Link shall cease. We may hold accrued unpaid Commissions for a reasonable period of time following termination to ensure that the correct amount is paid. Effects of termination. Except as expressly set forth herein, you are not eligible to receive a Commission payment after expiration or termination of this Affiliate Agreement. Expiration or termination of this Agreement shall not affect our obligation to pay you a Commission, so long as the related Customer Transaction has occurred prior to expiration and termination of this Affiliate Agreement. We will not pay you fees on Customer Transactions occurred after that date. Upon termination or expiration, you will discontinue all use of and delete the Affiliate Link that we make available to you for your participation in the Affiliate Program. Upon termination or expiration, an Affiliate Lead is not considered valid, and we may choose to maintain it in our database and engage with such a prospect. Upon termination or expiration, you will immediately discontinue all use of our trademark and references to this Affiliate Program from your website(s) and other collateral. Representations and Warranties. You represent and warrant that (i) you have all sufficient rights and permissions to participate in the Affiliate Program and to provision us with Affiliate Lead's for our use in sales and marketing efforts or as otherwise set forth in this Affiliate Agreement, (ii) your participation in this Affiliate Program will not conflict with any of your existing agreements or arrangements, and (iii) you own or have sufficient rights to use and to grant to us our right to use your trademarks, service marks and logos ("Affiliate Marks"). You further represent and warrant that (i) you will ensure that you are compliant with any trade or regulatory requirements that may apply to your participation in the Affiliate Program (for example, by clearly stating you are part of the Affiliate Program on any website(s) you own where you make an Affiliate Link available), (ii) you will accurately provide us information on all websites and domains you own where you intend to use Affiliate Links to generate Affiliate Leads, (iii) you will not purchase ads that direct to your site(s) or through an Affiliate Link that could be considered as competing with our own advertising, including, but not limited to, our branded keywords, (iv) you will not participate in cookie stuffing or pop-ups, false or misleading links that are strictly prohibited, (v) you will not attempt to mask the referring URL information, and (vi) you will not use your own Affiliate Link to purchase our products for yourself. Indemnification. You will indemnify, defend and hold us harmless, at your expense, against any third-party claim, suit, action, or proceeding (each, an "Action") brought against us (and our officers, directors, employees, agents, service providers, licensors, and affiliates) by a third party not affiliated with us to the extent that such Action is based upon or arises out of (a) your participation in the Affiliate Program, (b) our use of the prospect data you provided us, (c) your noncompliance with or breach of this Agreement, (d) your use of the Affiliate Link, or (e) our use of the Affiliate Marks. We will have the right to approve any counsel retained to defend against any claim in which we are named a defendant, and we will not unreasonably withhold this approval. We will have the right to control and participate in the defense of any such claim concerning matters that relate to us at our expense, and you will not accept any settlement that (i) imposes an obligation on us, (ii) requires us to make an admission, or (iii) imposes liability not covered by these indemnifications or places restrictions on us without our prior written consent. If, in our reasonable judgment, a conflict exists between the interests of us and you in such a claim, we may retain our own counsel whose reasonable fees will be paid by you. Disclaimers; Limitations of Liability. WE DO NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR COVENANT REGARDING THE AMOUNT OF TRAFFIC OR FEES YOU CAN EXPECT AT ANY TIME IN CONNECTION WITH OUR AFFILIATE PROGRAM, AND WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY ACTIONS YOU UNDERTAKE BASED ON YOUR EXPECTATIONS. ANY INFORMATION OR MATERIALS PROVIDED BY US (INCLUDING ANY AFFILIATE LINKS) ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT AFFILIATE LINKS MAY OPERATE ON A "LAST-CLICK" MODEL AND WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY PAYMENT OF FEES IN THE EVENT A CUSTOMER TRANSACTION IS NOT COMPLETED USING YOUR AFFILIATE LINK. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES. IF, NOTWITHSTANDING THE OTHER TERMS OF THIS AFFILIATE AGREEMENT, WE ARE DETERMINED TO HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE TOTAL COMMISSION AMOUNTS YOU HAVE ACTUALLY EARNED FOR THE RELATED CUSTOMER TRANSACTIONS IN THE TWELVE-MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO A CLAIM. Governing law and jurisdiction. This Affiliate Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Sweden. In the event either of us initiates an action in connection with this Affiliate Agreement, the exclusive venue and jurisdiction of such action shall be the courts of Sweden. 15. Disclaimers related to the Product We are a reseller of the Product. We are not the creator, designer, issuer, organizer, beneficiary or manager of the Product (the “ Issuer ”), nor have we played any role in deciding the terms and conditions applicable to each Product. Therefore, we are not liable for any issue, damage or loss arising from the terms and conditions of each individual Product. We are not sponsored by any Issuer, nor are we related, acting on behalf or under the express authorisation of any Issuer. We are not liable for any malfunction or any infringement of applicable rules caused by the Issuer. The Customer, by acquiring the Product, is also entering into a contractual relationship with the Issuer, to which we are a third-party, against which the contractual defences and rights arising from the relationship between Customer and Issuer shall not apply. The Customer shall engage in adequate due diligence regarding the terms and conditions of the Product being acquired, in what respects its usability and enforcement against the Issuer. We will not accept any liability for any claims in relation thereto. Those terms and conditions govern the Product acquired. Customers acknowledge and agree that we are not liable for any decision or policy of the Issuer to refuse to accept the Product on the grounds of the terms and conditions that the Issuer applies in relation to the Product. We make no representation regarding the Product’s suitability for its intended use and make no other guarantees, warranties or representations in respect of the Product. 16. Product review If you wish to submit a claim relating to a Product, you may do so in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in our Product Review Policy. All claims will be reviewed and processed in line with the procedures, limitations, and requirements outlined therein. 17. Responsibility of the Customer The Customer is fully liable for any mistakes, losses or damages (against himself, us, or any third-party) arising from (i) the provision of incorrect, inaccurate or fake information and from (ii) the acquisition, resale, use or other related activities of the Product, in a manner that infringes any applicable laws, regulations, contractual terms and conditions or other agreements. For the avoidance of doubt, when the Product being purchased is a refill of a prepaid SIM card (or any other Product that is redeemed by the Customer through Bitrefill), the Customer is solely responsible for the accuracy and correctness of the information inserted on the platform (including, but not limited to, the phone number, the country, the network operator and the amount of the top-up) and we shall not be liable, in any case, for any consequences arising from the inaccuracy of the elements provided by the Customer. Likewise, in other cases, the Customer is solely responsible for the accuracy, validity and correctness of the information inserted on the platform (including, but not limited to, the email address to which the Product must be delivered and the amount purchased). The Customer is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of its password and account and for any activities and transactions that occur under its account. Each customer must have unique login credentials that may not be shared by multiple customers. We shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise as a result of any failure by you to protect your password or account. If you suspect there has been unauthorized access to your account, contact support@bitrefill.com immediately. 18. Unlawful use Bitrefill and the Products shall not be used, in any way, to infringe or circumvent the applicable laws and regulations and any unlawful behavior is absolutely forbidden on Bitrefill. Should we become aware, or reasonably suspect, that a Customer is conducting unlawful activities, or otherwise breaking applicable laws and regulations, or third-party rights, such Customer activities, including but not limited to its purchase history and other data pertaining to its account, will be reported to the relevant authorities, and its access may be restricted until further notice. Any Customer hereby acknowledges and consents to this approach and to any such disclosures. Bitrefill is also entitled to freeze any existing balances and/or accounts for as long as needed for the purpose of investigating suspicious behavior. We may be required to not disclose any such ongoing investigations to Customers, in which case we will keep them confidential. Any store credit held in Bitrefill Store Credits that is found to have been paid with proceedings of crime may be seized and delivered to legal authorities. Customers are intended end-users of the Products. If you want to purchase Products for resale, please reach out to us at support@bitrefill.com and we will guide you through the process. If we suspect you are buying Products for resale, we may freeze your account until you verify as a Corporate Customer. Furthermore, Customers agree to not abuse the Bitrefill platform by: engaging in actions which impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; employing uses of robots, spider or other automated means to access, or when accessing, Bitrefill, except Agents; interfering with, intercepting, modifying or expropriating any system, data, or information from Bitrefill serves; transmitting or uploading any material that contains viruses, trojan horses, worms, or any other harmful or deleterious programs; attempting to gain unauthorized access to the Bitrefill Products, other Bitrefill accounts, computer systems, or networks connected to the Bitrefill servers through password mining or any other means. 19. Re-sale Unless expressly agreed in a contract between Bitrefill and the Customer, Products purchased through Bitrefill may not be re-sold and shall be redeemed only either by the Customer, on the Customer’s behalf or by someone to whom the Customer has gifted the Product. For the avoidance of doubt, a purchase made by an Agent pursuant to Section 29 shall be deemed a purchase made by the Customer and any transfer of Product between such Agent and the Customer shall not constitute a resale under these Terms. 21. Limitation of Liability Some jurisdictions limit the ability to disclaim liability. With regard to those jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law. Our team. No members of our team (including employees, contractors, directors, management members and other collaborators) shall have any liability based upon customer’s use of, or reliance upon, Bitrefill or the Products purchased. Customer decisions. For the avoidance of doubt, we are not responsible for any decision you make, or action you take, based on your visit to Bitrefill or the information obtained therein. Accuracy of information. We shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise from the use of any of the information contained in any of the materials on Bitrefill. Security. We work hard to keep Bitrefill secure. We accept no responsibility whatsoever for viruses, malware or other malicious or damaging software on Customer’s devices. Please ensure that your own computer security is comprehensive and up to date. Third-party content. This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. For example: if we link you to a tweet on Twitter, or to a post on Medium, or to the Terms & Conditions page of one of the Issuers of the Products, from the moment you click on that link, we are no longer responsible for the content you are seeing or have access to. We do not control these third-party websites and do not accept any responsibility whatsoever for third-party sites available through Bitrefill, via hyperlink or otherwise, nor their respective contents, hyperlinks or security flaws. We encourage any Customer to review the terms of use applicable to those sites. Any access to, or use of, a third-party site is solely at the Customer's own risk. 21. Personal Data Protection and System security We take the privacy and protection of the personal data of our Customers very seriously. Customers shall visit and review our Privacy Policy to know more about how we process and protect their personal data. Do not proceed with using Bitrefill if you do not agree and consent with it. We require that Customers keep their personal data up to date. You are required to notify us without delay of any changes of your personal data. Bitrefill follows industry best practices for security and availability. This includes automated vulnerability detection, high availability cloud platforms (aiming for at least 99,99%), automated alert reporting and peer review of code changes. We also run a bug bounty program. Please e-mail support@bitrefill.com should you wish to know more and/or participate. 22. Amendments to the Terms We reserve the right to amend these Terms from time to time, to add, amend or remove provisions. We may do so without prior and/or public notice. The date of the last amendment will be presented prominently on the top of this page and Customers agree to refer to the present hyperlink before each navigation of Bitrefill and before completing a transaction. 23. Intellectual Property We reserve all rights with respect to the design and content of Bitrefill. In particular, Customer must not misappropriate the design or content of Bitrefill and must not alter or deface such design or content in any way. Nothing on Bitrefill grants any license with respect to such design or content and any use by the Customer or a third-party must be authorized in writing by us. All text, photos, graphics, logos, content and other materials on Bitrefill (including, but not limited to, the words “Airfill” and “Bitrefill”, the “Bitrefill” logo and other related and ancillary elements) are protected by copyright, trademark and other applicable laws in the several jurisdictions where we act. In particular, all trademarks, trade names and logos displayed on Bitrefill are our property. Bitrefill grants no license to use any such text, photos, graphics, logos, content and other materials. We and our affiliates will pursue all available legal remedies against any infringement of our intellectual property rights. Excepted from the foregoing are the logos and trademarks used to signal the third-party providers to which each Product refer to. Such logos and trademarks are used to make reference to the Product and the Issuer, and in no way are we claiming, or representing, any sort of ownership, license, authorization, partnership or agreement with the owners or holders of the rights of such logos or trademarks, the Products or the Issuers. Such logos and trademarks belong to their lawful owners and are used in Bitrefill with the sole purpose of identifying the origin or intended use of the Product on sale. 24. Customer service We welcome our Customer’s questions and suggestions. On Bitrefill, there is a chat function that allows Customers to connect with a customer service representative that will reply to any queries in the shortest time possible. We do our best to reply within the first 24 hours, but we may take longer, depending on the issue and the number of requests we are getting from time to time. In case the Customer, for any reason. needs to get in contact with us, please use the following address – support@bitrefill.com . 25. Miscellaneous In using Bitrefill, you represent and warrant that you are not a person subject to sanctions issued by the European Union, the United States or the United Kingdom, nor are you located in a sanctioned territory, nor are you, by way of interacting with Bitrefill, causing Bitrefill to breach any sanctions whatsoever. If it is illegal or prohibited in the Customer’s country of origin to access or use Bitrefill, or to buy or use any of the Products, then the Customer shall not do so and in doing so is breaching these Terms. Those who choose to access Bitrefill access it on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with all local laws and regulations. You should be at least 16 years old (or higher, if a higher age is required in your jurisdiction in order for you to be able to legally conclude a contract) to use Bitrefill services, or otherwise duly authorised and supervised by your parents. Certain Products, such as the Bitrefill Card, may be restricted to Customers with at least 18 years of age. These Terms, the transactions between Customers and us made through Bitrefill, and any disputes relating to these Terms or the Customer’s use of Bitrefill, shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Sweden and shall be resolved exclusively in the courts of Sweden. These Terms, together with the Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy, set forth the entire agreement between the Customer and us with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements relating to such subject matter. They remain in force for as long as you remain a Customer. All our team members, including officers, employees and contractors, and related entities, are intended third-party beneficiaries of these Terms. Theirs and our rights under these Terms may be waived by them or by us only in writing. The English version of these Terms and any other rules available in Bitrefill shall prevail over any translations available in Bitrefill. In the event any provision of these Terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed severed from the remainder of these Terms and replaced with a valid and enforceable provision as similar in intent as reasonably possible to the provision so severed, and shall not cause the invalidity or unenforceability of the remainder of these Terms. Customers agree that any dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or relating to a purchase (including any question regarding its existence, validity, or termination) shall be governed by Swedish law and submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Stockholm, Sweden. 26. The "Virtual Prepaid Visa®" Card Issuance. The Virtual Prepaid Visa® Card (the “Visa Card”) is issued by Sutton Bank®, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc, and fulfilled by Perfect Gift, LLC, pursuant to their Terms of Use, which apply and can be found here: https://www.perfectgift.com/terms-of-use . The Virtual Prepaid Visa Card is a non-reloadable virtual payment card that can be redeemed at internet merchants everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted in the United States. Verified US Residents Only. The Visa Card is only available to Customers with verified accounts who provided proof of address in the United States of America and a valid, verifiable US tax identification number. The verification data will be collected and processed under the Bitrefill Privacy Policy, using our provider Sumsub, and may be shared with Sutton Bank and Perfect Gift, LLC, for compliance with applicable banking and anti-money laundering regulations. Geographical limitation. The Visa Card is available for use with merchants located in the United States of America. Any use, or attempt to use, of the Visa Card outside of the United States of America shall be considered an infringement of these Terms, may lead to suspension of your account and may impact on your ability to use any previously acquired Visa Cards, for which Bitrefill disclaims any and all liability. Purchasing limits. Eligible Customers may acquire Visa Cards in an aggregate amount of 1,000.00 USD per each seven days. Any attempt to circumvent this limit shall result in the suspension of your account and may impact your ability to use any previously acquired Visa Cards. Fees. The purchase, delivery and activation of the Visa Cards may entail the payment of fees, which shall be displayed on the product page and/or during the check-out process. By proceeding with payment, you accept those fees. Redemption. The Visa Cards can be used everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted in the United States. The Visa Cards cannot, in any way, be redeemed for cash, or enable ATM use. Prohibited Uses. It is strictly prohibited the acquisition of Visa Cards for resale, for the purpose of manufacturing spend to earn cash back, travel miles, and/or other such rewards, or for the purpose of purchasing goods for resale or wholesale. Any violation of this provision shall result in the suspension of your account and may impact your ability to use any previously acquired Visa Cards, for which Bitrefill disclaims any and all liability. No refunds. Bitrefill will not issue refunds for Visa Cards. All sales are final. Stolen, expired or lost cards. The replacement of stolen expired or lost cards may be possible, at the discretion of Bitrefill, for (i) Visa Cards with a balance greater than 5.00 USD and (ii) that the Customer is capable of identifying (with the card number, CVV, among other identifiers). Such a replacement has a cost of 5.00 USD, to be debited from the balance of the card upon replacement. Trademarks. Visa is a registered trademark of Visa, U.S.A. Inc. All other trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners. 27. Bitrefill eSIM Bitrefill eSIM. Bitrefill offers an eSIM product branded “Bitrefill eSIM” that is powered by ESIM Go Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, whose company number is 12465777 and whose registered office is at Office 6, Guardian House, 7 North Bar Street, Banbury, Oxfordshire, England, OX16 0TB (henceforth known as the “Supplier” for the purposes of this section). Supplier is the provider of the Bitrefill eSIM and of the Mobile Data Services described herein. This section of the Terms governs the terms and conditions of this product. In this section of the Terms, a reference to “we”, “our” or “us” means eSIM Go Limited, and not Bitrefill, and a reference to “you” or “your” means the person which purchased a Bitrefill eSIM Plan from our website. Definition. This section “Bitrefill eSIM” (and only this section) uses the following defined terms: Activation (and Activated) means registering your eSIM onto a mobile network for the first time for a Plan, or Plans, purchased for the country in which Activation occurs; Affiliate means Bitrefill; Compatible Mobile Device means a device which can register onto a mobile data network and consuming the Supplier Mobile Data service without a physical subscriber identification module, a list of which is available at the Supplier’s website (and may be amended by Supplier without notice from time to time) Competent Authority means any person or entity with relevant statutory jurisdiction over you, the Supplier, or the Mobile Data service; Consumer means a natural person entering into this agreement and/or using the Mobile Data services outside their business, trade or profession; eSIM means the profile supplied by Supplier for the purposes of using Mobile Data services on a Compatible Mobile Device (including compatible tablets and laptops); Group Companies means any subsidiary of eSIM Go Limited, its parent(s) and any subsidiaries of those parent(s); Mobile Data means GPRS, 3G, HSDPA, LTE, LTE+ and 5G mobile carrier network access providing access to the internet through the receipt and transmission of electromagnetic energy over paths that are not provided by any material substance constructed or arranged for the purpose of conveying electromagnetic energy; and Plan means the Mobile Data package you purchased from us via our website; Virus means any manipulating program which modifies other programs and/or replicates itself, or any malicious code or agent introduced to a system for the purposes of spying or causing harm. Plan. You have the right to cancel your Plan, providing you do so within fourteen (14) days of purchase and have not Activated your Plan or Plans. All our Plans come with a pre-loaded data allowance that lasts for the term specified when purchased, starting from Activation until the included data allowance is used or the term expires. If your Plan expires before any or all the included data allowance is used, you will lose the remaining balance of any included data allowance. Any Plans which are not Activated within twelve (12) months of purchase shall expire without any refund to you. Any eSIM which is not used within twelve (12) months of allocation may be cancelled and you may be required to load a new eSIM to your device(s) prior to Activation of a Plan or Plans. You may purchase additional inclusive allowances from the our website (subject to availability) by purchasing new Plans, at the prevailing rate in force at the time. We do not warrant that any particular Plan will be available, nor guarantee any prices in the future. We will use reasonable endeavours to let you know by e-mail and an SMS (to your eSIM) when you have used certain percentages of your Plan, and when the Plan is exhausted. Once the Plan is exhausted, you may need to use WiFi or alternative means of accessing our website to purchase an additional Plan if you need one as Mobile Data connectivity from your device shall cease to work until a new Plan is Activated. Any inclusive data allowance you have is for use when in the countries specified at the time you purchased your Plan. Using our Mobile Data service. You may only use our Mobile Data service for your own personal use during short-term travel away from your normal country of residence. You must only use the Mobile Data service in accordance with our Acceptable Use Policy and may not use it for more than sixty (60) consecutive days in any one country. Our Plans are a Mobile Data service only and do not support voice calling or access to the emergency services. The Mobile Data service depends on coverage from our in-country network partners which is not guaranteed nor is the Mobile Data service itself guaranteed to be fault-free or free from interruptions. Factors such as (but not limited to) atmospheric conditions, population density, usage of the network by others, terrain, distance from the nearest cellular tower(s), position within a building all affect the quality of the Mobile Data service. All your usage of the Mobile Data service will be debited from your inclusive data allowance, regardless of how that allowance was consumed (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes any usage caused by a Virus). You are strongly advised to keep your device secure (for example, but not limited to, preventing accidental or malicious pairing), your Breeze account credentials secure, and deactivate downloads or streaming services on devices with a Plan except for over WiFi. We, or our Affiliate, may take steps to protect the integrity of the Mobile Data service from time to time, by applying traffic management controls the details of which shall be available on our website and amended by us (without notice) from time to time. Our Liability to You. We are only liable to you as set out in this section. We have no other duty or liability to you. Nothing in this Agreement removes or limits our liability for death or personal injury caused by something we have done or failed to do or for any fraudulent misrepresentation we may have made to you. Except as set out in the preceding two paragraphs, our total liability to you for something we or anyone who works for us does or does not do will be limited to £1,000 for one incident or £3,000 for a number of incidents within any twelve (12) month period. If you are using the Mobile Data service in connection with your trade or profession, we are not liable to you in any way for any loss or damage that was not reasonably foreseeable at the time you entered this Agreement. This includes but is not limited to loss of income; business; anticipated savings (meaning costs you expected to avoid by using the Mobile Data service) or anticipated profits, loss of property or loss of use of property. If you are a Consumer, we are not liable to you in any way for any loss of income; business or profits; or for any loss or damage that was not reasonably foreseeable at the time you entered this Agreement. You must tell us about any claim as soon as reasonably possible. We will not be liable to you if we cannot carry out our duties or provide Services because of something beyond our control. We will not be responsible for any harm you suffer from a Virus which infiltrates your devices, whether it was transmitted via the Mobile Data services or otherwise. You remain responsible for all Charges applied to Your Account(s) for the use of any Services activated by such a Virus. This liability clause will apply even after this agreement has been terminated. Suspension of the Mobile Data service. We may suspend the Mobile Data services or terminate this agreement and disconnect any eSIM from our network without warning if: Our, or our partners’ network breaks down or needs maintenance. We will try to make sure this does not happen often; or You or anyone who uses your Plan does not keep to the conditions of this agreement, or any other agreement with us. Any period of suspension shall count against the period of any Plan. The rights that we have under this paragraph are in addition to the other rights that we have to suspend and/or terminate the Services and/or suspend or terminate this agreement as set out in this “Bitrefill eSIM” section. Your Right to Terminate this Agreement. You may terminate this agreement at any time, such notice of termination shall come into effect on the last day of the validity period of any Plans you have purchased. Termination does not give rise to any right for a credit for unused allowances (save where terminated in accordance with point 4 of this agreement). Our Right to Terminate this Agreement. We can terminate this Agreement immediately (without any refund owing to you), if any of the following happen: You break an important condition of this Agreement or a number of less important conditions; We are required to do so by law or a decision of a Competent Authority; or You break a less important condition of this Agreement and do not put it right within seven (7) days of us asking you to; or We can terminate this Agreement immediately, and shall, within a reasonable timeframe, refund to you any Plan or Plans which are not Activated in full, or a reasonable pro-rata amount for any Plan or Plans which are Activated but neither expired nor fully used: We are required to do so by law of a decision of a Competent Authority and that law of Competent Authority requires us to give you a refund; or We are unable to provide the Mobile Data service in the country or countries specified for a given Plan or Plans. General. You need to get our explicit consent before You can transfer or try to transfer any of your rights and responsibilities under this agreement. We may transfer any of ours without your permission, provided the level of service you currently experience is not materially reduced as a result. We can record any conversations between you and our staff (including retaining any live text chats). We may send notices to either your postal address, your online account, your email address or we may also send you ‘over the air’ updates to devices which may make some minor adjustments to the functionality or display on those devices. You’ll need to accept these changes which may include doing anything reasonable we request; a failure to do so may mean the Mobile Data service is inoperable. You must keep us informed of any changes to your postal address or email address. We are not responsible for messages or notices that don’t get to you because of a change of your postal or e-mail address, a fault with your e-mail address and/or provider, or because your devices are misconfigured or turned off. Unless otherwise stated in this Agreement, any notices from you to us must be sent to: 8 North Bar Street, Banbury, Oxfordshire, United Kingdom, OX16 0TB. Any concession or extra time that we allow you only applies to the specific circumstances in which we give it. It does not affect our rights under this agreement in any other way. This Agreement shall not confer any benefit on a third party under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. English law will apply to the Agreement between You and the Supplier under this “Bitrefill eSIM” section and any related disputes will be settled in the Courts of England and Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland (as applicable). You may be able to take Your disputes to adjudication under the Communications and Internet Services Adjudications Scheme, the details of which are set out in Our Complaints Code of Practice. We will give you a copy if you ask for it. If a point or condition of this Agreement is not legally effective, the remainder of this agreement shall be effective. We can replace any point or condition that is not legally effective with a point or condition of similar meaning that is. This agreement is the whole agreement between you and us. Any other information that you may have seen or heard before you entered into this agreement isn’t included. Your Information. You confirm that the information that you provide to us, including your registration details, is true, accurate and complete. You agree to inform us immediately of any changes to your details by contacting our customer services as set out below. We will use your personal information in accordance with the terms of this agreement and our privacy policy which you can find on our website. Where you were referred to us by an Affiliate, we may share your e-mail address and purchase history with the Affiliate from time to time, in addition with any other information which you consented for the Affiliate to receive when entering into an agreement with the Affiliate. We and/or Our Group Companies will use your personal information for providing the Mobile Data service, administration of your Account and billing, advertising, marketing, research, analytics, credit scoring, customer services, tracking the devices you are using on our network and web use and profiling your preferences. We will disclose your information to our service providers and agents to help us with these purposes. We will keep your information for a reasonable period after your contract with us has finished in case you decide to use our services again and may contact you about your services during this time. You agree that we, our Group Companies and our carefully selected business partners can use information about you, including information about your use of our network, Mobile Data service and related products and the location of the devices you are using on our network, to tell you about products, services or promotions offered by us and third parties that may be of interest to you and for research and analytics purposes. We may contact you by post, fax, email, telephone, electronic messaging (including but not limited to SMS and MMS) or online or via any other interactive media. If you would prefer not to receive direct marketing communications from us, simply let us know by clicking the unsubscribe link in the email and we will stop sending them to you. Please see our privacy policy on our website for further details. If you will be permitting someone else to us the Mobile Data services then you agree that you have told that person how we will use their information and obtained their consent to this. You have a right to ask for a copy of your personal information (for a small charge) and to correct any inaccuracies. Please see our privacy policy for further details. In the event of a personal data security breach that affects you, we will notify the relevant authorities, and if appropriate, we will notify the subscriber or user of our Mobile Data service who is affected by the breach in writing. A personal data security breach that affects you (or the subscriber/user) does not give you the right to terminate this Agreement. We may transfer your personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area, which do not always provide the same level of data protection as the UK, for the purposes of providing you with our Services. If we do make such a transfer, we will put a contract in place with our service providers including security obligations on them to ensure your information is protected in accordance with UK standards. We will carry out any activity or disclosure of your personal information to comply with our legal and regulatory requirements, for law enforcement purposes and to detect, prevent or investigate crime, fraud and misuse of or damage to our network or Mobile Data services. 28. Bitrefill Card 28.1. Bitrefill Card Services. Subject to eligibility criteria as set out in the Applicable Terms (as defined below), we offer you access to the Bitrefill Card, a product that includes the following services ("Bitrefill Card Services"): Use of the Bitrefill Card; "Crypto-Asset Services" consisting of crypto-asset wallet/account services and crypto-asset exchange and transfer services; Virtual IBAN issuing services, for fiat currency deposits and withdrawals; and "Payment Services" consisting of payment card issuing services and transaction execution services. You understand and accept that the Bitrefill Card Services are provided by third-party providers (identified in this section below). Any reference in this section to our provision of the Bitrefill Card Services shall be construed as a reference to the provision of the Bitrefill Card Services by the relevant third-party providers. 28.2. Purpose. The Bitrefill Card can be used to purchase goods and services from merchants at point-of-sale terminals, online, or on payment platforms, or withdraw cash from automated teller machines ("ATMs") that accept Visa cards. 28.3. Applicable terms. Your use of the Bitrefill Card is governed by these Terms and Conditions, in particular this section, and, where the Bitrefill Card Services are provided by third-party providers, the terms and conditions of such third-party providers which you must accept before using the Bitrefill Card by ticking the relevant boxes when creating your Bitrefill Card account (jointly, the "Applicable Terms"). The Applicable Terms govern the basis upon which we will provide you the Bitrefill Card Services and your use of the Bitrefill Card. The terms of our third-party providers (indicated below) should be read in conjunction with these Terms and Conditions. The Crypto-Asset Services are provided, and the virtual IBAN issuing and transacting is made available, by Lightspark Payments Europe AS ( http://eu.lightspark.com/ ), a company of Estonian law and registered under number 16298772, with registered address at Pärnu mnt. 110, Tallinn 11313, and licensed by the Estonian Financial Intelligence Unit (license details available at https://fiu.ee/ ) under number FVT000546 ("Lightspark"). The Crypto-Asset Services provided by Lightspark are subject to the terms and conditions that can be found at https://storage.googleapis.com/striga-public-docs/Static%20Partner%20TCs/Striga-Terms-of-Service-Co-Brand-Partners-End-Users.pdf . The Bitrefill Card is issued, and the related Payment Services are provided, by Wallester AS, a company incorporated under Estonian law and registered under number 11812781), with registered address at F.R. Kreutzwaldi 4, 10120 Tallinn, Estonia, and licensed by Finantsinspektsioon (license details available at https://fi.ee/ ) ("Wallester", jointly with Lightspark, the "Service Providers"). The Virtual IBAN issuing services and the Payment Services provided by Wallester are subject to the terms and conditions that can be found at https://wallester.com/pt/terms and https://storage.googleapis.com/striga-public-docs/Static%20Partner%20TCs/Striga-Card-T%26Cs-Combined.pdf . You agree that you will use the Bitrefill Card in accordance with the Applicable Terms. 28.4. Account creation. If you apply for a Bitrefill Card, you will be required to provide certain personal information. You will be able to access the Bitrefill Card via your Bitrefill account, provided your e-mail has been verified and you are eligible to obtain it. Further eligibility requirements, established and verified by our partners, shall apply and are governed by their terms and conditions, which can be found in the links above. You agree that we may share personal information you previously provided to us pursuant to our Privacy Policy to verify your identity, with the Service Providers acting on our behalf or on the Service Providers' behalf solely to verify your identity or address, and/or to manage risk as required under applicable law. Personal information that you share with the Service Providers will be treated in accordance with the Service Providers' Privacy Policy, as applicable. If you do not provide this information, or if the Service Providers are unable to verify your identity with the information provided, your application for a Bitrefill Card will not be considered. We may refuse to facilitate processing of your application through the Service Providers if we determine in our sole discretion that you are in breach of any of the Applicable Terms. 28.5. Activation. You must activate your physical Bitrefill Card as soon as you receive it to be able to use it. Activation instructions are set out on the packaging that the Bitrefill Card is attached to and on our Website. A virtual Card can be used immediately upon receipt and does not need to be activated. 28.6. Deposits. You will be able to use your crypto-assets to add funds to your Bitrefill Card account. When sending eligible crypto-assets to your Bitrefill Card account, you consent to them being converted by Lightspark into an equivalent in Euros, for any applicable fees to be deducted from such converted amount, and for that Euros balance to be added to your Bitrefill Card account. Before you make any deposit in your Bitrefill Card account, you will also be shown an exchange rate, based on the market rates offered by Lightspark and available at the time. The final exchange rate applicable to you may vary according to when your transaction is confirmed. By proceeding with your deposit, you accept that the exchange rate shown to you may not be the exchange rate finally applicable to you. The applicable exchange rate will be the one in place at the time of confirmation of your transaction. 28.7. Using the Bitrefill Card. Your consent will be required in order to use the Bitrefill Card to make a transaction. You may give your consent in the following ways depending on the type of transaction that you are trying to make and the information required by the merchant or ATM: When purchasing goods and services from a merchant on the merchant's premises from a point-of-sale terminal or withdrawing cash from an ATM, you may be required to enter the personal identification number (PIN) that we will arrange for you to receive (or that you may choose) from time to time unless the transaction is being made via a contactless card reader in which case the presentation of the Bitrefill Card will be sufficient to demonstrate consent. When purchasing goods and services from a merchant online or on a payments platform, you may be required to provide your Bitrefill Card details such as the card number, expiration date, and the three digit security code from the reverse side of the Bitrefill Card. If you believe your Bitrefill Card has been lost or stolen, or that an error or unauthorized transaction has occurred, you should contact our Customer Support immediately by email at support@bitrefill.com. When a transaction occurs using your Bitrefill Card, we will assume that you authorized such transaction, unless you notify us otherwise. We will not be liable for unauthorized transactions. Reporting an unauthorized transaction does not guarantee we will be able to reverse the transaction or reimburse you for the transaction. 28.8. Charges. For your deposits to the Bitrefill Card, we will charge you a spread as disclosed in this section. We will only charge you as described in this section. Please review carefully the transaction details prior to completing the transaction to understand the associated charges. For deposits made via SEPA transfer, a 1.99% SEPA pay-in service fee applies on the deposited amount. This fee is deducted before the deposit is credited to your Bitrefill Card account. The Service Providers reserve the right to adjust this fee from time to time. When you add balance to your Bitrefill Card account, we will charge you a spread on the deposit. When you spend with your Bitrefill Card or withdraw balance from ATMs, you will be charged a spread on your transaction by third parties, such as the payment processor or the ATM operator. The spread is calculated at the time of transaction. We include a spread in the price that allows us to temporarily lock in a price for trade execution while you review the transaction details prior to submitting your transaction. We reserve the right to adjust pricing and fees, and we may notify you in advance of certain changes to our pricing schedule if you reside in certain jurisdictions where required by applicable law. We will also notify you of the final price of each transaction, inclusive of pricing and fees, when you authorize the transaction and in each receipt we issue to you. You are at all times responsible for the transaction price when you make a transaction, including applicable fees and charges. By using the Bitrefill Card, you agree to pay all fees and charges. You are responsible for paying any additional fees charged by your financial service provider. We collect our share of the charges through our Service Providers, as applicable. 28.9. Inactivity fee. Your Bitrefill Card is considered to be inactive if you do not spend or cash-out money for a continuous period of 12 (twelve) months. Both a 1-month and 1-week prior notice will be sent by e-mail to you before charging any inactivity fees, giving you time to avoid it by spending or cashing out money. Once your Bitrefill Card balance reaches €0, we will deactivate your Bitrefill Card. This inactivity fee will only be charged should you have sufficient funds held on your Bitrefill Card account. 28.10. Rewards. Your Bitrefill Card will be automatically enrolled in our Bitrefill Card rewards program ("Rewards Program") upon activation. You will be eligible to earn cashback and other rewards, as described in this subsection. Rewards may be a percentage of your transaction cashback or other rewards. The amount of the cashback earned in connection with a transaction is calculated by multiplying the transaction amount by the applicable cashback percentage which will be published in our Website from time to time. This amount will be deposited into your Bitrefill Card account. If you receive a return, credit, or chargeback related to a transaction from a merchant for any good or service and we have provided you with a reward for that transaction, we will be entitled to debit your Bitrefill Card account balance the amount of the rewards using the exchange rate applicable at the time of the transaction. We reserve the right to alter, change and/or terminate the Rewards Program at any time and for any reason, which may result in the cancellation of unredeemed rewards, upon written notice to you. In addition, we reserve the right to immediately disqualify you from the Rewards Program if you have violated any Applicable Terms or if you have, in our determination, misused the Rewards Program. 28.11. Restriction, suspension, and termination. Card transactions or your Bitrefill Card use may be restricted, suspended or terminated with immediate effect in situations where: We are, in our reasonable opinion, required to do so by contract or by applicable law or any court or other authority to which we are subject in any jurisdiction; We reasonably suspect you of acting in breach of these terms; We have concerns that a card transaction is erroneous or about the security of your Bitrefill Card or your account or we suspect the Bitrefill Card Services are being used in a fraudulent or unauthorized manner; or We suspect of money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud, or any other financial crime; Use of your Bitrefill Card account is subject to any pending litigation, investigation, or government proceeding and/or we perceive a heightened risk of legal or regulatory non-compliance associated with your account activity. 28.12. Liability. This section operates in addition to any limitation of liability expressed elsewhere in these terms. We will not be liable to you for any loss arising from: A merchant refusing to accept the Bitrefill Card; Any breach by us of these terms due to abnormal or unforeseen circumstances beyond our reasonable control, which would have been unavoidable despite our efforts to stop it; Any of the Service Providers restricting, suspending, or terminating the Bitrefill Card or refusing to issue or replace a Bitrefill Card in accordance with these terms; Any of the Service Providers declining a Bitrefill Card transaction that you make or attempt to make using the Bitrefill Card; Our compliance with any applicable laws and regulations; or Any goods or services that you purchase from a merchant using a Bitrefill Card. 28.13. Privacy Policies. As the Bitrefill Card product is provided by third-parties, in connection with Bitrefill, the Privacy Policies of both Bitrefill and the third-parties must be accepted before accessing the product. Those policies can be found here: Bitrefill Privacy Policy Lightspark Payments Europe Privacy Policy Wallester Privacy Policy 29. Agentic Commerce 29.1 Definitions specific to this section. In this section, "Agent" means any software, artificial intelligence system, bot, automated tool, or programmatic client that interacts with Bitrefill on behalf of a Customer, including but not limited to AI assistants, MCP-connected clients, and any application that uses the Bitrefill API or the x402 payment protocol to browse Products, create invoices, submit payments, or retrieve orders. For the avoidance of doubt, "Agent" does not include Ask Bitrefill, which is a conversational interface to Bitrefill operated by Bitrefill itself and governed by Section 30. Purchases initiated through Ask Bitrefill are made, confirmed, and paid by the Customer directly and do not constitute Agentic Transactions. In this Section, a reference to "we", "our" or "us" means Bitrefill, and a reference to "you" or "your" means the person which purchased a Product from our website using an Agent acting on their behalf. "Wallet Address" means the blockchain address from which the Customer authorises or initiates a payment to Bitrefill through an Agent. "Agentic Transaction" means any transaction on Bitrefill that is initiated, facilitated, or completed by an Agent on behalf of a Customer. 29.2 Scope and applicability. This section applies to all Customers who authorise an Agent to interact with Bitrefill on their behalf, whether through the Bitrefill MCP Server, the Bitrefill API, the x402 payment protocol, or any other programmatic interface made available by Bitrefill from time to time. This section applies in addition to, and not in replacement of, all other provisions of these Terms. 29.3 Customer authorisation and responsibility. By connecting an Agent to Bitrefill, by instructing and/or authorising an Agent to interact with Bitrefill on your behalf, or, more generally, by providing an Agent with tools, skills, and access that enable the Agent to initiate and/or complete a transaction (independently or under supervision) with Bitrefill, you acknowledge and agree that: (i) you are authorising the Agent to act on your behalf when interacting with Bitrefill, including to browse Products, create invoices, submit payment authorisations, and retrieve purchased Products; (ii) all Agentic Transactions are deemed to be your transactions, and you are fully responsible for all actions taken by the Agent using your Wallet Address or your Bitrefill account, as if you had taken those actions yourself; (iii) your authorisation of a payment — whether by cryptographic signature, delegation to a smart contract wallet, or any other means — constitutes your consent to the specific transaction for which such payment authorisation was provided; (iv) you are responsible for configuring, instructing, and supervising the Agent, and for ensuring that the Agent's actions are consistent with your intentions. Bitrefill is not responsible for any Agent behaviour that deviates from your instructions, including but not limited to errors caused by incorrect prompts, misinterpretation of product information, prompt injection, or any other malfunction or manipulation of the Agent; (v) the Agent is your tool. Bitrefill does not control, develop, operate, or endorse any third-party Agent, and disclaims all liability arising from the Agent's actions or omissions. 29.4 Acceptance of Terms. When you accept these Terms through the Bitrefill MCP consent flow, the Bitrefill API onboarding process, or any other authorisation mechanism provided by Bitrefill, your acceptance applies to all subsequent Agentic Transactions made using the Wallet Address or Bitrefill account associated with that acceptance. You acknowledge that you have had the opportunity to review these Terms, including this section, before authorising your Agent to transact on Bitrefill. You agree that your acceptance of these Terms shall constitute valid acceptance for all Agentic Transactions, without requiring further acceptance by the Agent or by you on a per-transaction basis. You also agree that, when entrusting an Agent with the tools, skills and access required to independently interact with third-parties, including Bitrefill, you are responsible for instructing the Agent to review the applicable terms and conditions of any such interaction and report back to you for acceptance. We will consider any action taken by an Agent as a fully informed action taken by You. 29.5 Product information and Agent interpretation. Bitrefill provides product information through its programmatic interfaces, including product descriptions, prices, availability, geographical restrictions, and applicable terms. This information is provided for the purpose of enabling informed purchasing decisions. You acknowledge that your Agent may summarise, interpret, or present this information to you in a manner that differs from how it is provided by Bitrefill. Bitrefill is not responsible for any inaccuracy, omission, or misrepresentation introduced by the Agent when relaying product information to you. You are encouraged to verify the details of any Agentic Transaction — including the specific Product, its value, and its geographical restrictions — before authorising payment. If you authorise payment without verifying the details, you accept the risk that the Product may not correspond to your expectations. 29.6 Wallet Address as identifier. Your Wallet Address serves as the primary (but not sole) identifier for the purposes of Agentic Transactions. Bitrefill may apply per-Wallet-Address limits on transaction frequency, transaction value, and cumulative spending, in accordance with Section 8 of these Terms. You acknowledge that creating or using multiple Wallet Addresses to circumvent these limits constitutes a breach of these Terms, in the same manner as described in Section 8 for the use of multiple accounts. 29.7 Delivery of Products. Products purchased through Agentic Transactions are delivered in accordance with Section 2 of these Terms. Products may, at the Agent's request, be delivered directly to the Agent (in the same session or programmatic response as the payment confirmation) or made available for retrieval by the Agent or the Customer. You are solely responsible for ensuring that the Agent or the person retrieving the Product is authorised by you. Bitrefill may require verification of the Wallet Address or other credentials before releasing a Product for asynchronous retrieval. Once a Product is delivered to the Agent, it is deemed delivered to you. Bitrefill is not responsible for any failure of the Agent to relay, store, or present the Product to you. 29.8 Refunds. Agentic Transactions are subject to the same refund policy as set out in Section 10 of these Terms. For the avoidance of doubt: (i) a purchase made by an Agent that does not correspond to your instructions or intentions does not, by itself, entitle you to a refund. You are responsible for the actions of your Agent as described above; (ii) if a Product purchased through an Agentic Transaction is invalid, was previously redeemed, or was not delivered, the standard refund policy applies; (iii) refunds for Agentic Transactions are processed to the originating Wallet Address or to your Bitrefill Store Credit, at Bitrefill's discretion. 29.9 Prohibited conduct. Without prejudice to Section 18 of these Terms, when using an Agent to interact with Bitrefill, you agree that neither you nor your Agent shall: (i) attempt to bypass, circumvent, or manipulate Bitrefill's security measures, rate limits, purchasing thresholds, or geographical restrictions; (ii) use an Agent to make purchases for resale in violation of Section 19, unless you have been expressly authorised as a Corporate Customer; (iii) use an Agent to test, probe, or scan the vulnerability of Bitrefill's systems, or to interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of Bitrefill's infrastructure; (iv) misrepresent the Agent's identity, capabilities, or the identity of the Customer on whose behalf it acts; (v) use an Agent to facilitate transactions on behalf of third parties who have not accepted these Terms, or to act as an intermediary or reseller of Bitrefill Products without authorisation. 29.10 Suspension and termination. Bitrefill reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to suspend, restrict, or terminate access for any Wallet Address or Agent that Bitrefill reasonably believes is being used in violation of these Terms, or that poses a risk of fraud, abuse, or regulatory non-compliance. Such suspension or restriction may be applied without prior notice. Bitrefill will endeavour to notify the affected Customer where possible. 29.11 Limitation of liability. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Bitrefill shall not be liable for any loss, damage, or expense arising from or in connection with: (i) the actions, omissions, errors, or malfunctions of any Agent, including but not limited to incorrect purchases, misinterpretation of product information, prompt injection, or unauthorised actions; (ii) any failure of an Agent to relay product information, delivery confirmations, or Product codes to the Customer; (iii) any unauthorised use of the Customer's Wallet Address or Agent by a third party. The limitations set out in this section are in addition to, and not in replacement of, the limitations set out in Section 20 of these Terms. 30. Ask Bitrefill Ask Bitrefill is a conversational shopping interface operated by Bitrefill that allows Customers to browse the catalog, ask questions about Products, prepare orders, and manage their purchases through a chat conversation. Ask Bitrefill is an artificial intelligence system: you are interacting with an AI, not with a human, and its responses are generated automatically. Ask Bitrefill falls within the definition of AI system under Article 3(1) of Regulation (EU) 2024/1689 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 13 June 2024, laying down harmonised rules on artificial intelligence ("AI Act"). Bitrefill is a provider and a deployer of Ask Bitrefill pursuant to the AI Act. By starting and/or continuing to interact with it, you accept these Terms and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. Your acceptance applies to all subsequent interactions and purchases made through Ask Bitrefill using the same messaging account or Bitrefill account, without requiring acceptance on a per-transaction basis. Every purchase initiated through Ask Bitrefill is made by you, the Customer. You review and confirm each order before payment, and payment is completed by you, either within the conversation (where available) or on the corresponding checkout page. Ask Bitrefill does not make purchases on your behalf. Responses generated by Ask Bitrefill are provided for your convenience and may contain errors or inaccuracies. They do not constitute contractual representations by Bitrefill and do not amend these Terms, the terms and conditions of any Product, or the details of any order. The binding details of any purchase — including the Product, its value, applicable fees, and its status — are those displayed on the corresponding invoice or checkout page, which shall prevail over any statement made in the conversation. Purchases made through Ask Bitrefill are purchases made on Bitrefill and are subject to these Terms in full. Before you place your first order through Ask Bitrefill, we will ask you to confirm that you accept these Terms and our Privacy Policy. Purchases initiated through Ask Bitrefill are subject to the same purchasing thresholds, geographical restrictions, and Product eligibility requirements set out in these Terms as purchases made on the website. Conversations with Ask Bitrefill are recorded and processed by Bitrefill as described in our Privacy Policy. Conversations held on third-party messaging platforms, namely Telegram, are also subject to the terms and privacy policies of those platforms. Telegram is operated by a third party and is not controlled by us. Your use of Telegram is subject to Telegram's own terms and privacy policy. We are not responsible for the availability, security or functioning of Telegram, for the security of your Telegram account, or for the actions of any person who obtains access to your Telegram account or your device. Nothing in this Section 30 excludes or limits any rights you have under applicable consumer protection law. EN / USD Live on crypto Gift Cards Phone Refills eSIMs Support Help Contact Us Product Request Purchase Limits Refund Policy Company Careers We're hiring! Press Blog Reviews Resources AI Agents, Claude, ChatGPT Integrate Bitrefill Refer-a-Friend Program Influencers and Affiliates Spend Crypto Pay with Crypto Gift Card Balance Checker Vulnerability Disclosure © Copyright 2026 · Terms And Conditions Privacy Policy Digital Assets Security Theme Auto Light Dark This website is owned and operated by Airfill Prepaid AB (559001-6035), with a registered address at Mailbox 2333, 111 75 Stockholm, Sweden. This website is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. 