 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Last
Updated: September 1, 2026 
 Definitions 
 BuySellVouchers ("Platform",
"Company", "We", "Us", "Our"): Overmorrow Trading Solutions OPC, Reg. number
2022030046768-05, registered 9th Floor, V Corporate Centre, L.P. Leviste
Street, Salcedo Village, Makati, 1227 Metro Manila, Philippines. 
 Buyer
("You", "Client", "Customer") : Any natural or legal person purchasing Products on the Platform. 
 Seller : Registered users offering digital products for sale on the Platform. 
 Product : Digital items including gift cards, vouchers, and similar products
listed by Sellers or BuySellVouchers . 
 User : Any individual accessing the Platform, including guests and
registered users. 
 1.         
 Acceptance of Terms 
 1.1.         
 By using BuySellVouchers ,
you agree to comply fully with these Terms and Conditions. 
 1.2.         
 If you do not agree with these
Terms, you must cease all use of the Platform immediately. 
 2.         
 General Provisions 
 2.1.         
 BuySellVouchers operates exclusively as a digital marketplace connecting Buyers and
Sellers for secure peer-to-peer (P2P) transactions. 
 2.2.         
 BuySellVouchers does not own, store, or physically handle products sold by third-party
Sellers and thus is not responsible for their quality, legality, or
authenticity. 
 2.3.         
 Payment processing is handled
by licensed third-party payment processors, including cryptocurrency payment
processor Finassets.io 
(TROPIC GATEWAY SOLUTION S.A.) and approved fiat payment gateways (including
but not limited to Tazapay.com ).
 2.4.         
 BuySellVouchers is not a party to transactions between Buyers and Sellers and only
provides the interface and escrow services. 
 3.         
 Services Provided 
 3.1.         
 Marketplace Role and
Responsibilities 
 3.1.1.         
 Platform Intermediary Role. BuySellVouchers operates as an online marketplace
facilitating transactions between independent Sellers and Buyers. The Platform
is neither the buyer nor seller of Products listed and does not own, control,
or sell any Products itself, except when explicitly indicated. 
 3.1.2.         
 Limited Liability
All sales contracts are made exclusively between the Buyer and the Seller. BuySellVouchers does not guarantee or endorse the accuracy,
quality, safety, legality, or reliability of any Seller, Product, or
transaction listed or completed through the Platform. The Platform explicitly
disclaims all liability for losses, damages, or claims arising from any
transactions conducted via the Platform. 
 3.2.         
 Peer-to-Peer (P2P)
Transactions 
 3.2.1.         
 Escrow Facilitation
 BuySellVouchers (or its designated Payment Processor)
may temporarily hold funds paid by the Buyer as part of its marketplace service
to ensure secure transaction fulfillment. The Platform will hold such payments
for up to 36 hours or until the Buyer explicitly confirms receipt and
acceptance of the Product. 
 3.2.2.         
 Buyers agree and acknowledge
that: 
 3.2.2.1.         
 Such holding of funds is
solely for transactional safety and does not constitute a fiduciary custodial
relationship or bank deposit. 
 3.2.2.2.         
 The company does not operate
as a licensed escrow or payment institution. Funds are temporarily held only as
a part of transactional facilitation and not under any fiduciary or custodial
obligation. 
 3.2.2.3.         
 Funds held during transactions
do not earn interest and are not insured by any governmental or private agency. 
 3.2.2.4.         
 The Platform may commingle or
otherwise manage held funds in its ordinary course of business operations,
subject to applicable law, and Buyers shall have no claim to any interest or
other benefit arising from such held funds. 
 3.2.3.         
 Release and Refund of Funds 
 Funds will be released to the Seller upon Buyer's
confirmation of Product delivery or automatically after 36 hours if no dispute
or claim has been raised by the Buyer within that period. In case of a dispute,
the Platform reserves the right to retain funds until a resolution is reached.
Decisions made by the Platform regarding disputes are final and binding on both
Buyer and Seller. 
 3.3.         
 Direct Sales by Platform
Products sold directly by BuySellVouchers (clearly
identified as such on the Platform) are governed separately, and the Platform
explicitly guarantees accurate descriptions and timely delivery solely for
these direct sales. 
 3.4.         
 Seller Listings and
Information
Sellers are exclusively responsible for providing complete, accurate, truthful,
and updated Product descriptions, conditions, restrictions, regional
limitations and other relevant details. Buyers must thoroughly review these
details prior to purchase. The Platform disclaims any responsibility for
inaccuracies or omissions in listings provided by Sellers. 
 3.5.         
 Communication Tools and User
Reviews
Buyers and Sellers must utilize only Platform-provided communication channels.
Communication outside the Platform for transaction purposes is strictly
prohibited. Users may provide feedback, reviews, and ratings after each
transaction to enhance transparency and trust. The Platform reserves the right,
at its discretion, to remove feedback that violates its policies or is
determined to be abusive, manipulative, or fraudulent. 
 3.6.         
 Third-party Payment Processors 
 3.6.1.         
 Payment processing is handled
by licensed third-party payment processors, including cryptocurrency payment
processor Finassets.io 
(TROPIC GATEWAY SOLUTION S.A.) and approved fiat payment gateways (including
but not limited to Tazapay.com ),
among others. 
 3.6.2.         
 By utilizing payment methods
provided by these third-party gateways, you acknowledge and agree to be bound
by their respective terms and conditions, which can be found on their official
websites. 
 3.6.3.         
 BuySellVouchers assumes no responsibility or liability for any payment processing
failures, errors, delays, fees, or other issues that arise as a result of a Client's failure to adhere to the terms and conditions of
the respective payment provider. 
 4.         
 Account Types and Registration 
 4.1.         
 Account types: 
 4.1.1.         
 Guest Users: Can perform
limited purchases without an account. 
 4.1.2.         
 Registered Buyers: Basic
account with enhanced purchase history and features. 
 4.1.3.         
 Verified Buyers: Higher
transaction limits after verification. 
 4.2.         
 Account registration requires
providing accurate personal details. 
 4.3.         
 Users must update personal
details within 14 calendar days of changes. 
 4.4.         
 Only one account per
individual or legal entity is allowed unless explicitly authorized by BuySellVouchers . The Platform reserves the right to
identify and irrevocably close any and all duplicate accounts without prior
notice. 
 4.5.         
 Using VPN or similar location
masking without prior approval is prohibited. 
 4.6.         
 Recreating a Suspended
Account. Users whose accounts have been previously suspended or terminated are
prohibited from creating new accounts. If the Platform discovers that a
previously suspended user has registered a new account, we reserve the right to
immediately and permanently close that new account without notice. 
 4.7.         
 BuySellVouchers reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, reset, or assign a new username to any User account if the selected username; such modification may be made unilaterally and without prior notice, and the previous username may not be restored: 
 4.7.1.         
 contains or references external contact details or third-party platforms; 
 4.7.2.         
 may facilitate off-platform communication or transactions; 
 4.7.3.         
 impersonates another person or entity, or is misleading; or 
 4.7.4.         
 is associated with suspected violations of these Terms. 
 5.         
 Buyer Responsibilities 
 5.1.         
 Carefully review product
descriptions, terms of sale, and Seller details before purchasing. 
 5.2.         
 Confirm that the chosen
cryptocurrency network (e.g., USDT TRC20, ERC20, Polygon) matches the intended
transaction; incorrect transactions may be unrecoverable. 
 5.3.         
 Immediately report
unauthorized use of accounts or suspicious activities to the support team. 
 6.         
 Payments and Cryptocurrency
Balance 
 6.1.         
 Accepted Payment Methods 
 6.1.1.         
 Payments on BuySellVouchers are exclusively processed through: 
 6.1.1.1.         
 Supported cryptocurrencies via
our approved crypto payment processors (including Finassets.io ). 
 6.1.1.2.         
 Approved third-party fiat
payment gateways (including but not limited to Tazapay.com ). 
 6.1.2.         
 When using third-party payment
methods (credit cards, e-wallets, etc.), users must agree to the respective
third-party’s terms and conditions. BuySellVouchers 
is not responsible or liable for any errors, failures, fees, or additional
costs incurred due to third-party payment providers. 
 6.2.         
 Cryptocurrency Payment
Disclaimer 
 6.2.1.         
 Cryptocurrency payments are
irreversible. Users are solely responsible for ensuring the correct
cryptocurrency type, amount, and network (e.g., TRC20, ERC20, Polygon) are
selected when initiating a payment. 
 6.2.2.         
 BuySellVouchers is not responsible for cryptocurrency payments sent to incorrect
wallet addresses or through unsupported blockchain networks. Such transactions
may lead to permanent loss of funds with no possibility of recovery or refund. 
 6.2.3.         
 Users may request a crypto
transaction tracking service provided by the Platform at a fee of $100.
However, this service does not guarantee fund recovery. 
 6.3.         
 Buyer USD Balance (Platform
Credit) 
 6.3.1.         
 Nature of Balances. The
Platform allows Users to hold balances in specific cryptocurrencies, such as
USDT TRC20, USDT BEP20, and USDT Polygon ("Cryptocurrency Balances").
These balances are recorded on an internal ledger corresponding to your account. 
 6.3.2.         
 No Conversion. The Platform
does not perform any currency conversion. The asset you deposit is the exact
asset type credited to your balance. The final credited amount will be the
amount you deposited minus any applicable platform top-up fees. These fees will
be clearly disclosed to you before you confirm the transaction. 
 6.3.3.         
 Buyer Deposits. For Buyers,
Cryptocurrency Balances that are topped up or deposited are considered
closed-loop funds intended solely for purchasing Products on the Platform.
These deposited balances are non-withdrawable and cannot be exchanged for other
currencies. 
 6.3.4.         
 Seller Earnings. Balances
accrued by Sellers from completed sales are distinct and governed by the Seller
Terms and Conditions regarding withdrawals. Sellers receive the same
cryptocurrency that the Buyer used for the purchase and may withdraw that specific
cryptocurrency. 
 6.4.         
 Disclaimers 
 6.4.1.         
 No Interest or Insurance.
Cryptocurrency Balances held on the Platform do not earn interest and are not
insured by any governmental or private agency. They
do not constitute a bank deposit or an electronic money account. 
 6.4.2.         
 Not a Wallet Service. The
Platform is not a cryptocurrency wallet provider. Balances should only be held
for the purpose of transacting on BuySellVouchers . We
are not responsible for any risks associated with the volatility or security of
the underlying cryptocurrency assets. 
 6.5.         
 Currency Conversion Costs and
Risks 
 6.5.1.         
 Any fees, costs, or losses
resulting from currency conversions or fluctuations in cryptocurrency market
values are solely borne by the user. BuySellVouchers 
does not compensate users for any losses or additional costs related to
currency conversions or exchange rate volatility. 
 7.         
 Product Delivery 
 7.1.         
 Delivery Methods Overview
Products listed on BuySellVouchers are delivered via
either Instant Automatic Delivery or Manual Delivery. The applicable delivery
method is clearly indicated on each Product page. Buyers must review the
delivery method before finalizing their purchase. 
 7.2.         
 Instant Automatic Delivery 
 7.2.1.         
 Immediate Digital Fulfillment
Products designated as "Instant Automatic Delivery" are delivered
digitally to the Buyer upon successful payment confirmation and availability of
the Platform’s relevant payment processing and delivery systems. Delivery
typically occurs within minutes but may vary due to network conditions,
transaction volume, payment processing delays, security checks, technical
availability, or other circumstances outside the Platform’s reasonable control. 
 7.2.1.1.         
 Delayed Instant Delivery Due to
Technical or Payment Processing Disruptions
Where payment confirmation, payment processing, Platform systems, delivery
systems, blockchain networks, third-party payment processors, hosting providers,
third-party APIs, or other third-party service providers are affected by delays,
outages, cyberattacks, DDoS attacks, maintenance, transaction volume, technical
malfunctions, or other disruptions outside the Platform’s reasonable control,
delivery of Instant Automatic Delivery Products may be delayed until the
relevant issue is resolved.
In such cases, the order may be processed and delivered after payment
confirmation or technical processing becomes available to the Platform. Such
delay shall not, by itself, constitute non-delivery, failed delivery, or
grounds for cancellation or refund, provided that the Product is delivered
after processing is restored.
Successful delivery after restoration of payment or technical processing shall
be considered fulfillment of the delivery obligation for Instant Automatic
Delivery Products. The Buyer’s rights after such delivery remain subject to the
applicable Buyer Protection period and standard refund rules for Digital
Products, including the requirement to provide evidence of an actual
Product-related issue. 
 7.2.2.         
 Delivery Method
The delivery method for Digital Products depends on the User's status at the
time of purchase. 
 7.2.2.1.         
 For Registered Users: Products
are delivered to the Buyer’s account on the Platform. An email notification
will be sent containing a secure link that directs the User to their account to
view and access the Product details. 
 7.2.2.2.         
 For Guest Users: Products are
delivered directly to the email address provided during checkout. This email
will contain all the necessary Product details for immediate use. 
 7.2.3.         
 Buyer Verification Obligation
Buyers must verify the accuracy and functionality of the Digital Product
immediately upon delivery. Any discrepancies or issues must be reported within
24 hours of delivery, as defined in the Buyer Protection Policy (see Clause 8). 
 7.3.         
 Manual Delivery 
 7.3.1.         
 Seller Processing and
Fulfillment 
 Products designated as "Manual Delivery" require the Seller to
manually deliver the Digital Product within 24 hours following payment
confirmation. The specific delivery timeframe and the Seller’s operational
hours will be indicated clearly on the Product listing. 
 7.3.2.         
 Applicability of Manual
Delivery 
 Manual Delivery applies to Digital Products that require direct Seller
involvement and cannot be automatically fulfilled at the time of payment. 
 7.3.3.         
 Delivery Expectations and
Obligations 
 7.3.3.1.         
 Buyers agree that the Seller
has a maximum of 24 hours to deliver the Product. 
 7.3.3.2.         
 Buyers must allow the full
24-hour window to elapse before reporting non-delivery issues. 
 7.3.3.3.         
 Sellers must provide
confirmation of delivery via the Platform, including proof if requested by BuySellVouchers . 
 7.3.4.         
 Late Delivery and Automatic
Refund
If the Seller fails to deliver the Digital Product within the stipulated
24-hour delivery window, the order will be automatically cancelled by the
Platform, and the Buyer will automatically receive a full refund to their
Platform account balance. No manual action by the Buyer is required to initiate
this refund. 
 7.4.         
 Delivery Communications
All delivery-related notifications are conducted via Platform messaging and
email notifications. Communication regarding delivery must take place
exclusively through Platform-provided methods. Off-platform delivery or
communications violate Platform policy and Buyer Protection coverage. 
 8.         
 Refunds, Buyer Protection, and
Dispute Resolution 
 8.1.         
 General Refund Policy 
 8.1.1.         
 All sales are generally final.
Refunds are only provided under specific circumstances described explicitly in
this section. 
 8.1.2.         
 Refund eligibility scenarios
include: 
 8.1.2.1.         
 Non-delivery of purchased Digital
Products within the promised timeframe. For Instant Automatic Delivery Products,
the promised timeframe is immediate delivery upon successful payment
confirmation and availability of the Platform’s relevant payment processing and
delivery systems, subject to Clause 7.2.1.1. For Manual Delivery Products, the
promised timeframe is within 24 hours following payment confirmation. A delay
affecting Instant Automatic Delivery Products under Clause 7.2.1.1 shall not,
by itself, constitute non-delivery where the Product is delivered after payment
or technical processing is restored. 
 8.1.2.2.         
 Delivered products that
significantly differ from their listed description, including invalid,
previously redeemed, or otherwise unusable vouchers or keys. 
 8.1.3.         
 Refunds are not provided for
reasons including, but not limited to: 
 8.1.3.1.         
 Buyer dissatisfaction or
change of mind after the product has been viewed, redeemed, or otherwise
consumed. 
 8.1.3.2.         
 Transactions completed or
communicated off-platform. 
 8.1.3.3.         
 Products confirmed by the
Buyer as received and valid, after the 24-hour inspection period. 
 8.1.4.         
 Refund Method. The method for
processing an approved refund depends on the User's status at the time of
purchase: 
 8.1.4.1.         
 For Registered Users:
Refunds are exclusively credited to the User's corresponding Cryptocurrency
Balance on the Platform. The refund will be issued in the same asset that was
used for the original purchase (e.g., a transaction paid with USDT TRC20 will
be refunded as USDT TRC20). 
 8.1.4.2.         
 For Guest Users: 
To receive an approved refund, users who made a purchase without a registered
account ("Guest Users") must first register an account on the
Platform. Once the account is successfully created, the refund will be credited
to the User's corresponding Cryptocurrency Balance in the same asset used for
the purchase, following the same procedure as for Registered Users (outlined in
Clause 8.1.4.1). No refunds are processed to external wallets for guest
purchases. 
 8.2.         
 Buyer Protection – 24-Hour
Inspection Period 
 8.2.1.         
 Upon delivery, Buyers have 24
hours to verify the product's validity, accuracy, and conformity with its
description. 
 8.2.2.         
 After the 24-hour inspection
period expires, the transaction is considered complete, confirmed, and
non-refundable. 
 8.3.         
 Initiating a Dispute 
 8.3.1.         
 Buyers must initiate disputes
within the 24-hour inspection period, starting from the exact timestamp the
product was marked as delivered or the payment was completed. 
 8.3.2.         
 Disputes can be initiated
directly through the Platform’s dispute system interface by providing detailed
and clear evidence substantiating the claim. Evidence may include: 
 8.3.2.1.         
 Screenshots demonstrating
product invalidity. 
 8.3.2.2.         
 Official communications with
relevant third-party services verifying issues. 
 8.3.2.3.         
 Any other objectively
verifiable documentation. 
 8.3.3.         
 The Platform automatically
notifies the Seller once a dispute is initiated. Sellers have 24 hours from
this notification to respond to the dispute by providing their own evidence or
offering resolution. Once a dispute has been
closed, whether resolved through refund, replacement, or buyer inaction, it
cannot be reopened or re-initiated on the same grounds. 
 8.3.4.         
 If a dispute concerns more than
one delivered Product, code, voucher, account, subscription, or other item
within the same order, the Buyer must clearly identify each disputed item and
provide separate and sufficient evidence for each disputed item. General
statements, unsupported claims, or evidence relating only to part of the order
may be insufficient to support a claim for the entire order. 
 8.3.5.         
 BuySellVouchers reserves the right to request additional evidence, including but not
limited to full screenshots, screen recordings, official third-party
confirmation, redemption information, account region information, error messages,
or any other documentation necessary to verify the Buyer’s claim. Failure to
provide requested evidence within the timeframe specified by the Platform may
result in the dispute being partially or fully resolved in the Seller’s favor. 
 8.4.         
 Dispute Resolution Process 
 8.4.1.         
 If the Seller does not respond
within 24 hours, the Buyer may escalate the dispute directly to Platform
administration for investigation. 
 8.4.2.         
 During escalations, Platform
administration will evaluate evidence provided by both Buyer and Seller. Buyers
and Sellers may be requested to provide additional information or
clarification. Such additional evidence must be submitted within 48 working
hours (calculated as 2 full working days, Monday to Friday, excluding
weekends) of the request, or the dispute will be resolved in favor of the other
party. 
 8.4.2.1.         
 If a dispute requires input
from a third-party provider and a response cannot be obtained within 48
working hours, the Seller is required to update the Buyer through the Platform.
Sellers must continue to provide updates every 48 working hours (Monday to
Friday) until the dispute is resolved. 
 8.4.2.2.         
 Failure by the Seller to provide
such updates may result in the Platform administration proceeding with a
resolution in favor of the Buyer without waiting for the third-party provider’s
response. 
 8.4.3.         
 The Platform administration
retains the sole right to make final, binding decisions in all escalated
disputes and any dispute reviewed at the Platform’s own initiative under Clause
8.4.5, based on the evidence, correspondence, transaction data, and other
information available to the Platform. 
 8.4.4.         
 Resolutions may include: 
 8.4.4.1.         
 Full or partial refund to the
Buyer’s platform balance. 
 8.4.4.2.         
 Re-delivery of an equivalent
or replacement digital product from the Seller. 
 8.4.4.3.         
 Closure of the dispute without
compensation if evidence does not substantiate the claim. 
 8.4.4.4.         
 In exceptional dispute cases,
where the Platform determines that a loss may have occurred but the available
evidence does not allow responsibility to be conclusively established for
either party, the Platform reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to
resolve the dispute by allocating fifty percent (50%) of the disputed amount
to the Buyer and fifty percent (50%) to the Seller. 
 8.4.4.5.         
 Such a resolution may be
applied where the available evidence does not support either a full refund to
the Buyer or a full release of the held funds to the Seller, and the parties
have not reached a mutual settlement. 
 8.4.4.6.         
 Any such resolution shall be
based solely on the information available to the Platform during the complaint
process and shall not constitute a finding, admission, or determination of
fault, liability, or wrongdoing by either party. The Platform is under no
obligation to apply such a resolution in any particular case, and any such
decision shall be final unless the Platform determines otherwise. 
 8.4.5.         
 If a dispute remains unresolved
and without meaningful progress for 30 calendar days or more, Platform
administration reserves the right to review and resolve the dispute at its own
initiative, regardless of whether either party has escalated the dispute. Such
dispute may be resolved based on the evidence, correspondence, transaction data,
and other information available to the Platform at the time of review. Platform
administration is not required to request additional evidence or clarification
from either party unless deemed necessary for the resolution of the dispute. 
 8.5.         
 Limitations and Exclusions 
 8.5.1.         
 Buyers who initiate external
chargebacks (e.g., via bank, cryptocurrency exchanges, payment processors, or
other third-party financial institutions) will have their disputes
automatically closed by the Platform, with the possibility of immediate account
suspension. 
 8.5.2.         
 Disputes initiated or
escalated after the 24-hour inspection period will not be considered by
Platform administration under any circumstances. 
 8.5.3.         
 Disputes initiated after the
24-hour inspection period will not be accepted. However, while the Platform is
under no obligation to do so, it reserves the sole right to investigate claims
submitted after this timeframe in exceptional circumstances and at its absolute
discretion. Any decision to review a late claim does not establish a precedent
for future cases. 
 8.5.4.         
 Disputes from Users with
Duplicate Accounts. If, during a dispute investigation, the Platform discovers
that the Buyer has created or is using multiple unauthorized accounts, the
Platform reserves the right to immediately close the dispute in the Seller’s
favor. The Platform is under no obligation to review any evidence submitted by
a Buyer found to be operating duplicate accounts. 
 8.5.5.         
 Long-Term and High-Risk Digital
Products 
 8.5.5.1.         
 For Products intended for
long-term use, including but not limited to subscriptions, accounts,
memberships, upgrades, access-based services, and other time-based digital
goods, the Buyer Protection period covers the initial receipt, access,
activation, validity, and usability of the Product during the applicable
inspection period. 
 8.5.5.2.         
 After the Buyer Protection
period has expired and the transaction is considered complete, continued access
to or functionality of long-term and high-risk digital Products may be affected
by factors outside the Platform, including third-party provider rules, account
activity, usage conditions, regional restrictions, technical changes, or other
external circumstances. In many cases, it may not be possible for the Platform
to objectively determine whether a later issue was caused by the Product itself,
the Seller, the Buyer’s use, or a third-party provider. 
 8.5.5.3.         
 Due to the nature of long-term
and high-risk digital Products and the factors described in Clause 8.5.5.2, BuySellVouchers does not provide an automatic guarantee of
refund, replacement, uninterrupted access, continued functionality, renewal, or
availability of long-term and high-risk digital Products for the full period
stated in the Seller’s listing after the Buyer Protection period has expired. 
 8.5.5.4.         
 The limitation of Platform Buyer
Protection coverage described in Clause 8.5.5.3 does not limit or exclude the
Seller’s obligations under these Terms. 
 8.5.5.5.         
 Reports submitted after the
Buyer Protection period may be reviewed by BuySellVouchers 
at its sole discretion. As part of the review of a post-completion report, the
Platform may require the Seller to provide evidence, resolve the matter, issue
a replacement, make funds available, or take other corrective action. Review of
a post-completion report and marketplace enforcement measures described in this
Clause are performed for compliance and risk-control purposes only and do not
constitute an admission of liability by BuySellVouchers 
or a separate guarantee of refund or compensation by the Platform. 
 8.6.         
 Fraudulent or False Claims 
 8.6.1.         
 Submission of falsified,
misleading, manipulated, or intentionally deceptive evidence will result in
immediate suspension or permanent termination of the Buyer’s account. 
 8.6.2.         
 Platform administration
reserves the right to refuse future service to any Buyer found to engage in
fraudulent claims or disputes. 
 8.6.3.         
 Abuse of the dispute system is
strictly prohibited. Buyers must use the dispute system only for genuine
Product-related issues and must provide accurate, complete, and objectively
verifiable information regarding each disputed Product or code. 
 8.6.4.         
 A Buyer may not initiate,
support, coordinate, or participate in false, misleading, abusive, retaliatory,
malicious, or bad-faith disputes against any Seller. This includes, but is not
limited to, creating or using multiple accounts, fake accounts, coordinated
accounts, or third-party accounts to submit complaints, negative feedback, or
claims intended to harm a Seller’s rating, reputation, sales, account status, or
access to funds. 
 8.6.5.         
 BuySellVouchers may treat repeated, similar, coordinated, or pattern-based complaints
as dispute abuse where the available information indicates that the complaints
are not supported by sufficient evidence, are connected to unauthorized
duplicate accounts, are submitted for the purpose of harming a Seller, or
otherwise appear to be fraudulent, misleading, retaliatory, or made in bad
faith. 
 8.6.6.         
 Where a Buyer submits a dispute
involving multiple Products, codes, vouchers, accounts, subscriptions, or other
delivered items within one order, the Buyer must provide separate and sufficient
evidence for each disputed item. Evidence provided for one item does not
automatically apply to other items in the same order unless the Platform
determines that the evidence is clearly applicable to all disputed items. 
 8.6.7.         
 If a Buyer disputes multiple
items but fails to provide sufficient evidence for each item, BuySellVouchers may limit the investigation and any possible
refund, replacement, or other resolution only to the items for which sufficient
evidence has been provided. Items not supported by sufficient evidence may be
excluded from the dispute review or resolved in the Seller’s favor. 
 8.6.8.         
 If BuySellVouchers 
determines that a Buyer has abused the dispute system, submitted false or
misleading claims, coordinated complaints, created or used multiple accounts
for dispute manipulation, or otherwise acted in bad faith, the Platform may
close the dispute in the Seller’s favor, remove or amend related feedback,
restrict the Buyer’s account, suspend or permanently terminate the Buyer’s
account, refuse future service, withhold or revoke Buyer Protection, and take
any other measure deemed necessary by BuySellVouchers . 
 8.7.         
 Off-Platform Transactions 
 8.7.1.         
 Transactions or communications
occurring outside of the Platform’s provided interface are explicitly excluded
from Buyer protection. No refunds, resolutions, or dispute assistance will be
provided for off-platform activity. 
 8.7.2.         
 Both Buyers and Sellers are
strictly prohibited from encouraging, arranging, or facilitating transactions
outside of the Platform. Violations will result in immediate account
suspension. 
 8.8.         
 Feedback and Dispute Outcome 
 8.8.1.         
 Buyers can leave feedback
reflecting their experience, which will directly influence Seller ratings. 
 8.8.2.         
 Negative feedback related to a
dispute will be reviewed by Platform administration upon dispute resolution. If
the dispute is resolved positively (e.g., full refund or replacement), negative
feedback may be amended or removed to accurately reflect resolution status. 
 8.8.3.         
 Feedback must reflect the
Buyer’s genuine experience with the specific transaction and must not be false,
abusive, manipulative, retaliatory, coordinated, or submitted for the purpose of
harming a Seller’s rating or reputation. 
 8.8.4.         
 BuySellVouchers reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to remove, amend, or
disregard feedback connected to false claims, unsupported disputes, duplicate
accounts, coordinated activity, abusive conduct, off-platform conflicts, or any
other violation of these Terms. 
 9.         
 Prohibited Activities and Products 
 9.1.         
 Prohibited Activities 
 9.1.1.         
 Offsite trading, exchanging
personal contact details, or bypassing the Platform’s payment and resolution
mechanisms are strictly prohibited. 
 9.1.2.         
 Harassment, abuse, threats,
aggressive language, or inappropriate conduct towards other users or Platform
support staff. 
 9.1.3.         
 Creating multiple accounts
without explicit authorization or using VPNs or location-masking tools without
prior approval. 
 9.1.4.         
 Manipulating evidence or
providing false, misleading, or fraudulent information during dispute
resolution or account verification. 
 9.1.5.         
 Initiating chargebacks or payment
disputes with third-party payment providers without first attempting resolution
through the Platform. 
 9.1.6.         
 Attempting to purchase restricted or
prohibited items, including counterfeit or stolen goods. 
 9.1.7.         
 Refusing to complete a confirmed
transaction without valid reason or repeatedly initiating purchases with no
intention to follow through. 
 9.1.8.         
 Penalties for Violations: 
 9.1.8.1.         
 A first violation may result in a formal warning and/or temporary account suspension pending administrative review. 
 9.1.8.2.         
 A second violation will result in a monetary penalty of not less than $100 USD. 
 9.1.8.3.         
 Repeated or subsequent violations may result in a significantly higher monetary penalty, extended account suspension, restriction of account functionality (including withdrawal limitations), or permanent account termination at BuySellVouchers’ sole discretion. 
 9.1.8.4.         
 Any monetary penalty imposed under these Terms must be fully paid before any account reactivation, restoration of access, or withdrawal of remaining funds. A User may not avoid or bypass an imposed penalty by requesting voluntary account closure or abandoning the account. 
 9.1.8.5.         
 Severe or intentional violations may result in immediate account termination, permanent withholding or forfeiture of funds, reporting to relevant authorities, and/or initiation of legal proceedings at BuySellVouchers’ sole discretion. 
 9.2.         
 Prohibited Products 
 9.2.1.         
 Products or services violating
local or international laws, including sanctioned jurisdictions. 
 9.2.2.         
 Malware, spyware, hacking
tools, or unauthorized access software. 
 9.2.3.         
 Fraudulent, counterfeit, or
stolen vouchers, gift cards, or accounts (e.g., PayPal, Binance, Skrill, Neteller ). 
 9.2.4.         
 Illegal, explicit,
adult-oriented content, or products of erotic nature. 
 9.2.5.         
 Gambling, lottery, betting,
investment schemes, securities, insurance products, and speculative
investments. 
 9.2.6.         
 Products facilitating money
laundering or illegal financial activities. 
 9.2.7.         
 Personal data, spam tools,
phishing software, or unauthorized data collection products. 
 9.2.8.         
 Charity, fundraising, pyramid
schemes, MLMs, or fraudulent investments. 
 9.2.9.         
 External advertising materials
redirecting buyers off-platform. 
 9.2.10.         
 Prescription medications,
drugs, narcotics, controlled substances, or medical-related products. 
 9.2.11.         
 Weapons, firearms, explosives,
materials promoting violence, terrorism, or extremism. 
 9.2.12.         
 VPN accounts, shared
subscriptions (Netflix, Grammarly, etc.), physical bank cards, or identity
documents. 
 9.2.13.         
 Sale or trading of BuySellVouchers accounts or balances. 
 9.2.14.         
 Products without guaranteed
timely delivery. 
 9.2.15.         
 Enforcement Measures: 
 9.2.15.1.         
 BuySellVouchers reserves the right to immediately remove offending products, suspend
accounts, or permanently ban users violating these product restrictions without
prior notice. 
 9.2.15.2.         
 Users are encouraged to
immediately report prohibited products or activities. Verified reports may
result in rewards at BuySellVouchers ’ discretion. 
 10.         
 Feedback System 
 10.1.         
 Buyers can leave and edit
feedback on purchased products. 
 10.2.         
 Negative feedback triggering a
dispute will be removed upon satisfactory resolution. 
 11.         
 Liability Limitation 
 11.1.         
 BuySellVouchers explicitly disclaims any liability for indirect, incidental,
consequential, special, exemplary, punitive, or other similar damages arising
out of or related to your use of the Platform, including but not limited to
loss of profits, business interruption, loss of data, or damages arising from
transactions, disputes, or interactions between Users. 
 11.2.         
 The Platform is provided on an
"AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis without warranties of any
kind, either express or implied. BuySellVouchers does
not warrant uninterrupted service, security, accuracy, reliability, timeliness,
or suitability of the Platform for a particular purpose. 
 11.3.         
 BuySellVouchers shall not be liable or responsible for any errors, omissions,
interruptions, deletions, defects, delays, or technical malfunctions occurring
during your use of the Platform 
 11.4.         
 Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein, the maximum aggregate liability of BuySellVouchers 
for any claims arising from the use of the Platform shall not exceed the total
amount paid by the Buyer for the relevant Product or Service directly giving
rise to the claim. 
 12.         
 Privacy & Data Protection 
 12.1.         
 Personal Information Handling 
 12.1.1.         
 BuySellVouchers respects user privacy and is committed to protecting the personal
information of its Users. All personal information collected, stored, or
processed by the Platform shall comply with applicable data protection
regulations, including but not limited to GDPR and other relevant local data
protection laws. 
 12.1.2.         
 Users' personal data will be
used exclusively for transaction facilitation, customer service, account
management, fraud prevention, and compliance with legal obligations. 
 12.1.3.         
 To enhance security, prevent
fraud, and ensure compliance, the Platform may automatically collect and store
certain technical data. This includes, but is not limited to, users' IP
addresses, device information (such as browser type and operating system), and
access timestamps. 
 12.2.         
 Data Sharing and Third Parties 
 12.2.1.         
 Personal information may be
shared with third-party service providers such as payment processors, fraud
detection services, or compliance verification providers strictly for the
purposes mentioned above. 
 12.2.2.         
 BuySellVouchers ensures contractual agreements with third-party providers include
confidentiality obligations and data protection compliance. 
 12.3.         
 User Rights 
 12.3.1.         
 Users have the right to
request access to, correction of, deletion of, or restriction of their personal
information held by BuySellVouchers . Requests can be
directed through the Platform’s support channels. 
 12.3.2.         
 Users can opt-out of marketing
communications or data processing activities where legally permitted by
notifying BuySellVouchers directly via the provided
support contacts. 
 12.4.         
 Security Measures 
 12.4.1.         
 BuySellVouchers employs industry-standard technical and organizational security
measures to safeguard personal information against unauthorized access,
disclosure, alteration, or destruction. 
 12.4.2.         
 Despite robust measures, Users
acknowledge that no internet-based data transmission or electronic storage can
guarantee absolute security. 
 12.5.         
 Email Communications and
Consent 
 12.5.1.         
 By creating an account or
making a purchase on the Platform, you provide your consent to receive
electronic communications from BuySellVouchers . 
 12.5.2.         
 These communications include,
but are not limited to, transactional emails regarding your orders and
deliveries, security notifications, and informational or promotional content
such as newsletters and special offers. 
 12.5.3.         
 You may opt out of promotional
emails by using the "unsubscribe" link found in the communication.
Please be aware that unsubscribing may result in the cessation of all email
deliveries from the Platform, including essential transactional and security
notifications. BuySellVouchers is not liable for any
issues that arise from your failure to receive essential communications after
unsubscribing. 
 13.         
 Intellectual Property 
 13.1.         
 Platform Intellectual
Property. 
All rights, title, and interest in and to the BuySellVouchers 
Platform—including its software, logos, designs, graphics, text, and other
content created by the Company—are and will remain the exclusive property of BuySellVouchers ( Overmorrow 
Trading Solutions OPC). Unauthorized use of the Platform's intellectual
property is strictly prohibited and may be subject to legal action. 
 13.2.         
 Third-Party Intellectual
Property.
All trademarks, brand names, and logos of the products (e.g., gift cards,
vouchers) listed for sale on the Platform are the property of their respective
owners. BuySellVouchers claims no ownership rights
over the intellectual property of these third parties and uses them solely for
the purpose of identifying the products sold by sellers. 
 14.         
 Restricted Territories and
Compliance 
 14.1.         
 The Platform does not provide
services to users residing in restricted or prohibited jurisdictions. For a
comprehensive and up-to-date list of these territories, please refer to our
official Anti-Money Laundering (AML) Policy . 
 14.2.         
 Buyers must comply with all
applicable local, regional, and international laws when using the Platform. 
 15.         
 Amendments and Updates 
 15.1.         
 BuySellVouchers reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time, with changes
effective immediately upon publication on the Platform. 
 16.         
 Governing Law 
 16.1.         
 These Terms shall be governed
by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Philippines without
regard to any choice or conflict of laws rules. 
 16.2.         
 Claim Notice. To the extent
permitted by law, you agree to waive your rights to any jury trial and for any
dispute arising out of or related to these Terms resolved in court. For any
dispute or claim that you have against Company or relating in any way to these
Terms, you agree to first contact Company and attempt to resolve the claim
informally by sending a written notice of your claim ("Notice") to us
by email at info@buysellvouchers.com. 
 17.         
 General 
 17.1.         
 Notices. By using the
Services, we may provide you with any notice or communication, relating to your
use of Services by email via the email account associated with your account. It
is your responsibility to ensure that you have provided an accurate and up-to-date
email account. Notices may be given, and are deemed to be received, if sent to
your email account, whether or not a notice of delivery failure is received.
Any notices, consent or other communication given under these Terms must be in
writing, in English, and signed or otherwise authorized by the party giving it. 
 17.2.         
 Entire agreement. The Terms
constitute the entire agreement between you and Company with respect to the
Services. Each party acknowledges that it has not relied on, and shall have no
right or remedy in respect of, any statement, representation, assurance or
warranty (whether made negligently or innocently) other than as expressly set
out in these Terms or any Product Terms. 
 17.3.         
 Assignment. You may not assign
or transfer any of your rights or delegate any of your obligations hereunder,
in whole or in part, without our prior written consent. However, we may assign
or transfer any of our rights or obligations under these Terms at any time to
anyone else, including, without limitation, in connection with any merger,
acquisition, or other corporate reorganization involving Company. 
 17.4.         
 Severance. If, at any time,
any clause of these Terms is or becomes illegal, invalid, or unenforceable,
neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining clauses will,
in any way, be affected or impaired. 
 17.5.         
 Recordings. Subject to
applicable law, you agree that Company may, without further disclosure, or
consent from you, record any communication that we have with you in relation to
these Terms, including communication used to give instructions or effect transactions.
Any recordings we keep will constitute evidence of the communications between
you and us. You agree that we may use the recorded conversations, transcripts,
messages, or other records of communication to allow us to ensure compliance
with applicable law, provide customer support, deal with any dispute in
connection with these Terms and in any other manner not prohibited by
applicable law. These recordings will be Company's sole property. 
 17.6.         
 Third-party rights. Other than
in relation to the affiliates or 3rd parties, nothing expressed or referred to
in these Terms will be construed to give any person other than the parties to
these Terms any legal or equitable right, remedy, or claim under or with
respect to these Terms or any clause of these Terms. These Terms are for the
sole and exclusive benefit of the parties to these Terms and their successors
and permitted assigns. 
 17.7.         
 Survival. All clauses of these
Terms, which by their nature extend beyond the expiration or termination of
these Terms, will continue to be binding after such termination or expiration. 
 17.8.         
 Relationship of the parties.
Company is not an agent of you in the performance of these Terms. These Terms
shall not be interpreted as facts or evidence of an association, joint venture,
partnership, or franchise between the parties. 
 17.9.         
 Digital Assets. We record in
your Account the quantity and type of Digital Assets that are held to your
credit. Such Digital Assets will not be
segregated on-chain in different wallets from Digital Assets held to the credit
of other users or Digital Assets maintained by Company for business purposes.
An internal ledger is used to record the quantity and type of Digital Assets a
customer is entitled to. Each user will have a ledger-based off-chain account
or sub-account with a unique identifier (UID) and associated login credentials,
against which the relevant user credit balances are recorded. Company is not a
trustee of, and does not owe any trustee duties in relation to, any Digital
Assets held to your credit. When you instruct us to transfer or otherwise deal
with Digital Assets, we will not use any specifically identifiable Digital
Assets to act on such Instructions. 
 Subject to these Terms, Company will use Digital Assets in the same
quantity and of the same type as those credited to your Account when acting on
your Instructions. You will have the right to receive the same quantity and
same type of Digital Assets as those credited to your Account. 
 17.10.         
 Force Majeure. We will not be
liable for any failure or delay in the performance as required by these Terms
due to causes beyond its reasonable control, including, but not limited to,
labor disputes, strikes, lockouts, shortages of or inability to obtain energy,
raw materials or supplies, war, terrorism, riot, or pandemics. 
 17.11.         
 Waiver. No delay or omission
by Company in exercising any right or remedy under these Terms shall be
construed to be a waiver of that right or remedy or of any other rights or
remedies thereafter to enforce such rights or remedies. The rights and remedies
as set out in these Terms are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or
remedies provided by Applicable Law. 
 17.12.         
 Amount set-off. In addition to
any other right or remedy available under these Terms or by law, we may set off
any amounts you owe to us under these Terms or otherwise. Save as may be
required by Applicable Law, you must pay all sums that you owe to us free and
clear without any set-off, counterclaim, deduction or withholding of any kind. 
 17.13.         
 Privacy. If you receive
information about another user through the Platform or from using the Services,
you must keep the information confidential and only use it in connection with
the Services and in accordance with Applicable Law. You must not disclose or
distribute any user information to a third party or use the information in any
manner except as reasonably necessary to effect a
Transaction. 
 17.14.         
 Death of Account Holder. In
the event of your death or incapacity, we may suspend your Account if we have
reason to believe that you have deceased. Your Account will be suspended until:
( i ) a representative or beneficiary of your estate
completes a successful inheritance application to receive the assets in your
Account in accordance with Company's requirements (which may be updated from
time to time without notice); or (ii) you provide satisfactory proof that you
are not deceased. The transfer of the assets to your Account under this clause
is subject to the restrictions imposed by Applicable Law and these Terms. We
make no commitment to any particular timeline for the transfer of assets held
to the credit of your Account. 
 17.15.         
 Tax. It is your responsibility
to determine what, if any, taxes apply to the payments you make or receive, and
to collect, report, and remit the correct tax to the appropriate tax authority.
Company is not responsible for determining whether any tax is applicable to the
use of the Services, or for collecting, reporting or remitting any tax arising
from any Transaction or use of the Services. You acknowledge that we may make
certain reports to the relevant tax authorities regarding Transactions made on
the Platform. Company may, in its sole discretion or as required by Applicable
Law, provide you with additional documentation for the calculation of any tax
obligations. We may also withhold and deduct any tax at source due under
Applicable Law in our sole discretion. 
 17.16.         
 The Company reserves the
right, at its sole discretion, to participate on the Platform as both a buyer
and a seller, either directly or through its affiliated entities. When acting
in such a capacity, the Company and its affiliates shall not be bound by the
same terms, conditions, or fee structures applicable to other users. This may
include, without limitation, privileged access to Platform and user data,
alternative pricing, and the use of different technical interfaces. 
 18.         
 Terms and Conditions (Sellers) 
 18.1.         
 Seller Account Types and Verification 
 18.1.1.         
 Individual Seller Accounts
(KYC) 
 18.1.1.1.         
 All individual Sellers must
complete a mandatory Know Your Customer (KYC) verification process. 
 18.1.1.2.         
 KYC verification requires submission of valid
government-issued photo identification, proof of residential address, and a
live verification selfie or video call, subject to Platform requirements. 
 18.1.1.3.         
 Sellers failing to complete
KYC within the stipulated timeframe (14 days from registration) will have their
accounts restricted or suspended. 
 18.1.1.4.         
 Individual Sellers will have
transaction and withdrawal limits according to their verification level. 
 18.1.2.         
 Business Seller Accounts (KYB) 
 18.1.2.1.         
 Business entities registering
as Sellers must complete a mandatory Know Your Business (KYB) verification
procedure. 
 18.1.2.2.         
 Required documentation
includes, but is not limited to: 
 18.1.2.2.1.         
 Certificate of Incorporation
and Articles of Association 
 18.1.2.2.2.         
 Proof of business address
(e.g., utility bill, lease agreement) 
 18.1.2.2.3.         
 Identification documents of
beneficial owners and authorized representatives 
 18.1.2.2.4.         
 Business bank account details 
 18.1.2.3.         
 Additional due diligence may
be requested at Platform discretion. 
 18.1.2.4.         
 Successfully verified Business
Seller Accounts benefit from significantly higher transaction limits, enhanced
account features, and promotional possibilities compared to individual
accounts. 
 18.2.         
 Seller Registration Obligations 
 18.2.1.         
 Sellers must provide complete,
accurate, truthful, and updated information during registration and maintain
such information in an updated state within 14 calendar days of any changes. 
 18.2.2.         
 Only one Seller account per
individual or entity is allowed unless explicitly authorized by BuySellVouchers . 
 18.2.3.         
 Recreating a Suspended
Account. Sellers whose accounts have been previously suspended or terminated
are prohibited from creating new accounts. If the Platform discovers that a
previously suspended Seller has registered a new account, we reserve the right
to immediately and permanently close that new account without notice and may
forfeit any pending balances associated with it. 
 18.3.         
 Listing and Product Responsibilities 
 18.3.1.         
 Product Listings 
 18.3.1.1.         
 Sellers must clearly and
accurately describe the Products offered, including all restrictions, value,
validity periods, regional limitations, conditions of use, and any activation
details. 
 18.3.1.2.         
 All Products listed must
adhere strictly to the Platform’s Prohibited Products list (Clause 9.2).
Violation of this requirement will result in immediate listing removal,
penalties, and possible account termination. 
 18.3.1.3.         
 Subscription-Based Products.
Sellers are not permitted to list subscription-based Products as fixed-term services (including but not limited to “3 months”, “6 months”, or “12 months”) unless the subscription is fully prepaid and technically secured for the entire stated period at the time of delivery.
Subscription Products advertised with a fixed duration must be preloaded with the full subscription period.
Products that rely on monthly renewals, recurring payments, manual renewals, or future actions by the Seller are not considered fully delivered fixed-term subscriptions and are not permitted under the Platform’s Buyer Protection Policy. 
 18.3.1.4.         
 Product Denomination and Split
Fulfilment.
A Product listed with a specific denomination must be fulfilled in the exact denomination as advertised.
Fulfilment of the total value using multiple codes or vouchers is permitted only where the Seller clearly and explicitly discloses this in the Product description prior to purchase. For Manual Delivery, the Seller must additionally inform the Buyer of the split denomination before sending any codes.
The disclosure must be clear, prominent, and unambiguous to allow the Buyer to make an informed purchasing decision. If the Seller fails to provide such disclosure and the Buyer raises a complaint that the split denomination is unsuitable or does not meet their needs, the Platform reserves the right to treat the delivery as non-conforming and resolve the dispute in the Buyer’s favor. 
 18.3.1.5.         
 High-Risk and Long-Term Digital Products. Certain categories of Products, including but not limited to accounts, subscriptions, upgrades, access-based services, and other time-based or long-term digital goods, may be classified by the Platform as high-risk Products due to their dependency on third-party platforms, payment validation, regional restrictions, account usage conditions, or other external factors. 
 18.3.1.6.         
 Sellers listing such Products acknowledge and agree that their responsibility is not limited to the moment of delivery, activation, or initial access. The Seller remains responsible for ensuring that the Product remains valid, usable, and materially consistent with the advertised description for the entire duration stated in the listing. 
 18.3.1.7.         
 Successful activation, initial access, or proof that a Product was functional at the time of delivery does not, by itself, constitute full and proper fulfillment of the Seller’s obligations where the Product was advertised as having a fixed duration or ongoing validity. 
 18.3.1.8.         
 A Seller may not disclaim, exclude, or shift responsibility for the early removal, restriction, downgrade, invalidation, or loss of access to a high-risk or long-term Product solely by stating in the Product description that no warranty is provided, that the Buyer assumes all risk, or that the issue may depend on third-party platform policies. 
 18.3.2.         
 Accuracy and Liability 
 18.3.2.1.         
 Sellers are solely responsible
and liable for ensuring that all information presented in their Product
listings is truthful, accurate, complete, and not misleading. 
 18.3.2.2.         
 Sellers acknowledge that BuySellVouchers is not responsible or liable for
inaccuracies or errors in Seller-generated content. 
 18.3.3.         
 Proof of Purchase and Product Legitimacy 
 18.3.3.1.         
 All Products must originate
from legitimate and lawful sources. The sale of Products obtained through
fraudulent or unauthorized means is strictly prohibited. 
 18.3.3.2.         
 BuySellVouchers reserves the right, at any time and at its sole discretion, to request
proof of purchase for any Product listed for sale or previously sold. The
Seller must provide this proof promptly upon request. 
 18.3.3.3.         
 Acceptable proof of purchase
includes, but is not limited to, official invoices, bank statements, or digital
receipts and platform extracts from the original retailer that clearly
demonstrate the legitimate acquisition of the Product. 
 18.3.3.4.         
 Failure to provide
satisfactory proof of purchase may result in immediate actions by the Platform,
including but not limited to, removing the relevant Product listing,
restricting the Seller’s ability to sell certain products, or the temporary
suspension or permanent closure of the Seller’s account. 
 18.3.3.5.         
 The submission of forged,
manipulated, misleading, or otherwise falsified proof of purchase is a severe
violation of these Terms. Any such action will result in the immediate
temporary suspension or permanent termination of the Seller’s account at the Platform’s
sole discretion. 
 18.3.4.         
 Product Listing Accuracy and Corrective Actions 
 18.3.4.1.         
 Sellers must ensure that each
Product listing, including the Product name, category, denomination, region,
delivery method, description, validity period, subscription period, redemption
conditions, usage restrictions, and any other relevant details, is accurate,
complete, truthful, and not misleading. 
 18.3.4.2.         
 A Product listing may be
considered inaccurate, misleading, or non-compliant if the Product name,
description, category, denomination, region, delivery method, validity period,
subscription period, or any other stated condition does not accurately reflect
the Product actually delivered to the Buyer. 
 18.3.4.3.         
 Misleading or non-compliant
listings include, but are not limited to, Products listed with an incorrect or
unclear denomination, approximate or conditional value presented as a fixed
value, incorrect region, incorrect category, unclear redemption conditions,
undisclosed usage restrictions, or subscription/access terms that depend on
future renewals, recurring payments, shared access, or further Seller action
not clearly disclosed before purchase. 
 18.3.4.4.         
 Sellers may not use wording
such as "Global", "Worldwide", "1 Year",
"Lifetime", "Private", "Full Access",
"Instant", "Automatic", "Stockable", or similar
wording unless such wording accurately reflects the actual Product conditions
and can be fulfilled as described. 
 18.3.4.5.         
 BuySellVouchers reserves the right, at its sole discretion and without prior notice,
to reject, edit, rename, re-categorize, temporarily disable, permanently remove,
hide from search, or place under manual review any Product listing that appears
inaccurate, incomplete, misleading, high-risk, unstable, non-compliant, or
inconsistent with these Terms or Platform requirements. 
 18.3.4.6.         
 Where BuySellVouchers 
requests a Seller to correct, clarify, rename, re-categorize, update, remove, or
otherwise amend a Product listing, the Seller must comply within the timeframe
specified by the Platform. Unless otherwise stated, the standard timeframe for
such corrective action is 48 working hours from the Platform’s request. For
urgent, high-risk, or buyer-affecting matters, BuySellVouchers 
may require immediate correction or correction within 24 hours. 
 18.3.4.7.         
 Failure to complete the
requested corrective action within the specified timeframe may result in Product
removal, disabling of similar Products, listing restrictions, temporary
suspension of selling privileges, withdrawal holds, refund deductions, monetary
penalties under Clause 18.14, permanent account termination, or any other
measure deemed appropriate by BuySellVouchers . 
 18.3.4.8.         
 A Seller may not re-list,
duplicate, rename, re-upload, or otherwise reintroduce a Product that has been
rejected, disabled, removed, or restricted by BuySellVouchers 
unless the underlying issue has been fully corrected and the Product has been
approved by the Platform. Re-listing a non-compliant Product without
correction may be treated as an intentional violation of these Terms. 
 18.3.4.9.         
 If an inaccurate, misleading,
or non-compliant listing results in Buyer complaints, refunds, chargebacks,
Platform losses, reputational damage, or additional administrative review, BuySellVouchers reserves the right to deduct the relevant
amounts from the Seller’s available balance, pending balance, future balance,
or any other amounts payable to the Seller, to the extent permitted by
applicable law, in addition to any other penalties or restrictions applied
under these Terms. 
 18.3.5.         
 Product Availability and Listing Eligibility 
 18.3.5.1.         
 BuySellVouchers reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to determine the
availability of particular Products, Product categories, brands, denominations,
regions, delivery methods, or other listing options on the Platform. Such
availability may depend on Platform requirements, Product risk, Product source,
Seller performance, compliance history, technical or operational requirements,
or other circumstances relevant to the Platform. 
 18.3.5.2.         
 BuySellVouchers may establish, modify, or apply specific requirements for the listing
or sale of particular Products or Product categories and may determine whether
a Seller meets such requirements. The availability of a Product or listing
option on the Platform does not guarantee that the same Product or listing
option will be available to every Seller. 
 18.3.5.3.         
 Any approval, permission,
exception, or other arrangement applicable to a particular Seller, Product,
Product category, or listing shall apply only to the circumstances for which it
was granted. Such approval, permission, exception, or arrangement shall not
establish a general practice, precedent, waiver, or entitlement applicable to
any other Seller, Product, or listing. 
 18.3.5.4.         
 BuySellVouchers may enter into separate commercial, operational, technical, or other
arrangements with individual Sellers in relation to their use of the Platform
or the Products offered by them. Unless required by applicable law, such
arrangements shall not create any rights, obligations, or entitlement in favor
of other Sellers. 
 18.3.5.5.         
 BuySellVouchers reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, restrict,
suspend, or discontinue the availability of any Product, Product category,
listing option, or Seller’s ability to offer particular Products where deemed
necessary for compliance, risk management, quality control, operational,
technical, commercial, or other Platform purposes. 
 18.4.         
 Order Processing and Delivery Obligations 
 18.4.1.         
 Instant Automatic Delivery 
 18.4.1.1.         
 Sellers utilizing Instant
Delivery must upload Products (voucher codes, digital files) in advance. 
 18.4.1.2.         
 Products must be immediately
available upon purchase completion by the Buyer. 
 18.4.2.         
 Manual Delivery 
 18.4.2.1.         
 Sellers offering Products via
Manual Delivery must deliver the Product within a maximum of 24 hours after
payment confirmation. 
 18.4.2.2.         
 Sellers must clearly indicate
their operational hours and expected delivery times on each Product listing. 
 18.4.2.3.         
 Failure to deliver within 24
hours will result in automatic order cancellation and full refund issuance to
the Buyer, negatively impacting Seller's account rating. 
 18.5.         
 Seller Conduct and
Communication 
 18.5.1.         
 Sellers must strictly use
Platform-provided communication tools for all interactions with Buyers.
Off-platform trading or communication related to transactions is strictly
prohibited. 
 18.5.2.         
 Sellers must conduct business
professionally and courteously. 
 18.5.3.         
 Abusive, threatening,
harassing, or fraudulent conduct towards Buyers or Platform staff will result
in immediate suspension or permanent termination of the Seller account. 
 18.6.         
 Payment & Settlement 
 18.6.1.         
 Payments from completed
transactions will be credited to Seller’s Platform account balance within 36
hours following Buyer confirmation or automatic acceptance (post-delivery
window). 
 18.6.2.         
 Funds held during transactions
do not accrue interest, nor do they constitute any form of fiduciary
relationship or insured deposits. 
 18.6.3.         
 Sellers may withdraw available
balances through Platform-supported withdrawal methods, subject to processing
times, fees, and withdrawal limits based on the Seller’s verification level. 
 18.7.         
 Seller Fees and Charges 
 18.7.1.         
 Sellers agree to pay
applicable Platform fees (listing fees, transaction fees, withdrawal fees),
clearly indicated on the Seller’s dashboard and fee schedule. 
 18.7.2.         
 BuySellVouchers reserves the right to modify fees, providing Sellers 
advance notice via email or platform announcements. 
 18.8.         
 Returns, Refunds, and Disputes 
 18.8.1.         
 Sellers must actively
cooperate and respond promptly (within 24 hours) to any Buyer-initiated
disputes or Platform investigations. Sellers acknowledge that Buyers have a
24-hour period after purchase to initiate a dispute. 
 18.8.2.         
 Sellers may be required to
provide clear evidence of Product delivery, authenticity, and validity. This
includes the potential for a mandatory request for the proof of purchase as
defined in Clause 18.3.3. Should the Seller fail to provide satisfactory proof
of purchase during a dispute, the case may be resolved in the Buyer's favor by
Platform administration. 
 18.8.2.1.         
 In disputes involving high-risk or long-term digital Products, the Seller may be required to provide sufficient evidence demonstrating that the reported issue was not related to the Product itself, its sourcing, its payment chain, or the activation method used. 
 18.8.2.2.         
 Such evidence may include, but is not limited to, proof of valid and legitimate payment, absence of reversals, chargebacks, disputes, or payment-related irregularities, confirmation of lawful sourcing, and evidence that the activation method complied with the applicable requirements of the relevant third-party platform. 
 18.8.2.3.         
 Where the Seller fails to provide sufficient supporting evidence, the Platform reserves the right to reasonably conclude that the Product was not delivered as described or did not remain valid for the advertised period, and may resolve the matter accordingly. 
 18.8.3.         
 If a dispute initiated within
the 24-hour period is resolved in the Buyer’s favor, the transaction amount
will be deducted from the Seller's account balance to refund the Buyer. Failure
to cooperate can also result in a ruling in the Buyer's favor. 
 18.8.4.         
 If a refund is determined to be
due to the Seller’s fault, or if the Seller initiates a refund, the full amount
received by the Seller will be deducted from the Seller’s account.
BuySellVouchers covers all associated fees, including the buyer’s service fee
and payment processor fee. The Buyer will receive a full refund, which includes
the product amount, service fee, and payment provider fee. 
 18.8.5.         
 Communication During Disputes.
During an active dispute investigation, the Seller is obligated to provide the
Buyer with daily updates regarding the status of their inquiry through the
Platform's official communication channels. Should the Seller fail to provide
these regular updates, the Platform reserves the right to resolve the dispute
in the Buyer’s favor on the grounds of non-cooperation. 
 18.8.6.         
 Extended Seller Liability. The
Seller acknowledges that their liability for the authenticity and long-term
validity of a Product extends beyond the Buyer's 24-hour dispute window. The
Platform reserves the sole right, at its discretion, to investigate issues
reported after this period (e.g., a gift card being revoked or found invalid at
a later date). If the Platform support team determines the Seller is at fault, BuySellVouchers may deduct the corresponding amount from
the Seller's account balance to refund the Buyer. The Platform's decision in
such cases is final and binding. 
 18.8.6.1.         
 In cases involving high-risk or long-term digital Products, where the exact root cause of the issue cannot be conclusively determined, the Platform reserves the sole right, at its discretion, to assess the case based on the available information, the actual outcome experienced by the Buyer, the Seller’s cooperation, the Seller’s ability to substantiate the legitimacy and compliance of the Product, and any pattern of similar complaints across multiple orders. 
 18.8.6.2.         
 Repeated similar complaints concerning the same Seller, Product type, or fulfillment method may be treated by the Platform as evidence of Product instability, delivery failure, or non-compliance, even where individual cases cannot be conclusively attributed to a single technical cause. 
 18.8.6.3.         
 In such cases, the Platform may, at its sole discretion, issue a full or partial refund, deduct the relevant amount from the Seller’s account balance, restrict the Seller’s ability to list similar Products, or apply any other corrective measure deemed appropriate under these Terms. 
 18.8.7.         
 Disputes Involving Sellers
with Duplicate Accounts. If, during a dispute investigation, the Platform
discovers that the Seller has created or is using multiple unauthorized
accounts, the Platform reserves the right to immediately close the dispute in
the Buyer’s favor and issue a full refund. The Platform is under no obligation
to review any evidence submitted by a Seller found to be operating duplicate
accounts. 
 18.9.         
 Intellectual Property
Compliance 
 18.9.1.         
 Sellers warrant that they have
full ownership, rights, or legitimate licenses to sell listed Products. 
 18.9.2.         
 Sellers agree not to infringe
on any third-party intellectual property rights. 
 18.9.3.         
 Proven infringement will lead
to immediate Product removal and potential suspension or termination of the
Seller account. 
 18.10.         
 Privacy and Data Protection 
 18.10.1.         
 Sellers must comply with all
applicable privacy laws (including GDPR for EU buyers). 
 18.10.2.         
 Personal information of Buyers
must not be misused, shared, or stored outside of Platform purposes. 
 18.10.3.         
 Violation of Buyer privacy
will result in immediate account suspension, penalties, or legal action. 
 18.11.         
 Prohibited Activities and
Penalties 
 18.11.1.         
 Prohibited Seller activities
include, but are not limited to: 
 18.11.1.1.         
 Listing prohibited Products 
 18.11.1.2.         
 Manipulating Platform ratings
or feedback 
 18.11.1.3.         
 Engaging in fraudulent
transactions or intentionally misleading Buyers 
 18.11.1.4.         
 Attempting off-platform
transactions or communications 
 18.11.2.         
 Penalties for violations may
include temporary suspension, permanent account termination, fines (minimum
$100 USD), or legal actions at BuySellVouchers ’
discretion. 
 18.12.         
 Seller Performance Standards
and Consequences 
 18.12.1.         
 BuySellVouchers monitors Seller performance based on various metrics, including but
not limited to: 
 18.12.1.1.         
 Delivery timeliness as
outlined in Clause 18.4. 
 18.12.1.2.         
 Dispute frequency and
resolution related to Clause 18.8. 
 18.12.1.3.         
 Listing accuracy per Clause 18.3. 
 18.12.1.4.         
 Customer feedback, and overall
compliance with these Terms. 
 18.12.2.         
 Sellers are expected to
maintain satisfactory performance levels as determined by BuySellVouchers .
 18.12.3.         
 Failure to maintain adequate
performance standards may result in corrective actions by BuySellVouchers ,
at its discretion. Such actions may include warnings, account limitations (such
as listing restrictions or withdrawal holds), temporary account suspension, or
permanent account termination as described in Clause 18.13. 
 18.13.         
 Termination of Seller Accounts
 18.13.1.         
 BuySellVouchers reserves the right to suspend or terminate Seller accounts for
violations of these Terms (including failure to meet performance standards as
described in Clause 18.12), fraudulent activities, legal compliance issues, or
for actions causing reputational damage to the Platform. 
 18.13.2.         
 Upon termination, any funds in
the Seller’s account balance may be withheld for investigation or used to
compensate affected Buyers or cover Platform losses. 
 18.14.         
 Seller Penalties, Deductions, and Recovery of Losses 
 18.14.1.         
 BuySellVouchers may impose monetary penalties on Sellers for violations of these Terms,
including but not limited to inaccurate or misleading Product listings, repeated
non-compliance, failure to complete requested corrective actions, re-listing
removed or restricted Products, failure to cooperate in disputes or Platform
investigations, submission of misleading or unverifiable evidence, or any
conduct causing Buyer harm, Platform losses, reputational damage, or additional
administrative review. 
 18.14.2.         
 Unless otherwise determined by
 BuySellVouchers , the minimum monetary penalty for a
Seller violation is USD 100. BuySellVouchers may impose
a higher penalty depending on the severity of the violation, whether the
violation was intentional or repeated, the number of affected Buyers, the total
transaction value, the Seller’s cooperation, the impact on the Platform, and
any losses caused by the violation. 
 18.14.3.         
 Monetary penalties, refund
amounts, chargeback-related losses, compensation to affected Buyers, and other
amounts owed by the Seller may be deducted from the Seller’s available balance,
pending balance, future balance, or any other amounts payable to the Seller, to
the extent permitted by applicable law. 
 18.14.4.         
 BuySellVouchers may place a temporary withdrawal hold on the Seller’s account while
investigating suspected violations, reviewing Product legitimacy, determining
affected Buyer exposure, or calculating applicable penalties, refunds,
deductions, or corrective measures. 
 18.14.5.         
 Payment of a penalty does not
limit BuySellVouchers ’ right to apply additional
enforcement measures, including Product removal, listing restrictions, withdrawal
holds, account suspension, permanent account termination, refund deductions, or
legal action where appropriate. 
 18.14.6.         
 A Seller may not avoid
penalties, refund deductions, withdrawal holds, or any other amounts owed under
these Terms by deleting Products, abandoning the account, requesting voluntary
account closure, creating another account, or otherwise attempting to bypass
Platform enforcement. 
 19.         
 Contact Information 
 For
support, dispute resolution, or any other inquiries, please contact:
Company: Overmorrow Trading Solutions OPC
Address: 9th Floor, V Corporate Centre, L.P. Leviste Street, Salcedo Village,
Makati, 1227 Metro Manila, Philippines. 
 6:["$","div",null,{"className":"md:py-3 md:px-2 max-w-[1400px] flex flex-col gap-8 w-full mx-auto","children":["$","div",null,{"className":"bg-white border-gray-100 border-2 shadow-md min-h-screen rounded-lg flex w-full !list-none","children":["$","div",null,{"className":"py-8 flex flex-col items-start justify-center px-4 md:px-12 lg:px-24 w-full","children":["$","div",null,{"className":"flex flex-col gap-2 mt-4 w-full !list-none","children":["$","$L43",null,{"node":"$44"}]}]}]}]}]
